1	"styled after vh1's "" behind the music , "" this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . "
1	the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
1	david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
1	deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
1	"in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in "" &#193 ; nglio , "" l . a . 's east side . "
1	a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
1	a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
1	"shot as a "" behind-the-scenes "" look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . "
1	the movie takes place in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) . 
1	they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
1	drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 
1	" "" garmento "" tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . "
1	genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
1	ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
1	anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
1	during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 
1	arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
1	she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
1	three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
1	but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
1	the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
1	in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
1	when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
1	renata is a young high-class girl and ulises is a poor guy . 
1	in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
1	kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
1	while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 
1	in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
1	he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
1	what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
1	3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
1	the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
1	chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 
1	a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
1	but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
1	he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
1	in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
1	his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
1	the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
1	to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
1	together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
1	former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
1	and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
1	this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
1	then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
1	while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
1	gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
1	jack must then put his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot seem to trust - for good reason , they lead him to a fate that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 
1	the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
1	their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
1	behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
1	ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
1	will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
1	this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
1	shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
1	ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
1	in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
1	guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
1	there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
1	burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
1	sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
1	having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
1	although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 
1	when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight . 
1	when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
1	when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
1	"as "" daddy day care "" starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . "
1	"first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an "" a "" list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . "
1	using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
1	"but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own "" adult "" film . "
1	this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
1	once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
1	to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
1	the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
1	she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 
1	horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
1	18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
1	four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
1	lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
1	but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
1	john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker . 
1	in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
1	he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
1	the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 
1	sassy postgrad elle woods ( witherspoon ) is all about animal rights . 
1	years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 
1	years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
1	given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
1	april's shower demands you to ask how far would you go for true love and if you have the strength to live in your truth . 
1	also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
1	through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
1	jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
1	"a "" film poem "" which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . "
1	well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
1	within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
1	in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
1	the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in the trunk of an abandoned car somewhere on the water's edge . 
1	one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
1	in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
1	" "" dylan's run "" chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . "
1	"eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called "" shangri-la "" . "
1	chasing life ( pulsa&#231 ; &#227 ; o zero ) is an action/comedy about 25 year old lovable loser alex who , when his life hits rock bottom and decides to end it all , shares his dogs euthanasia poison just moments before a dramatic turn of events sends him hilariously and desperately seeking the antidote which he must find within 4 hours or die . 
1	but in the remains of an abandoned copper mine , lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan of cannibals . 
1	that's when she meets luke , a mysterious smooth-talking writer who opens her eyes to the world , prompting her to take a long look at the life she's chosen for herself . 
1	the hulk is an anger fueled monster with incredible strength and resistance to damage . 
1	she confronts him , but the smooth talking mackenheim seduces her into a romantic dinner at his house . 
1	in the streets of east los angeles , manny is a formidable drug dealer . 
1	sylvie is a hooker whose illegitimate daughter commits a crime . 
1	james regards the cia's mission as an intriguing alternative to an ordinary life , but before he becomes an ops officer , james has to survive the agency's secret training ground , where green recruits are molded into seasoned veterans . 
1	no ill effects are immediately apparent to lena's relatives in their spacious house on the prosperous side of town . 
1	following in the reality-based tv trend , tv producer chase renzi played by renee russo , wants mitch to star in her new show about the day-to-day activities of a real cop ( think cops ) . 
1	the brittle containment of the surface is no match for the volatile eruptions from the unspoken interior - a harrowing and erotic underworld of need and confession that permits the release of all that has been silenced . 
1	inspector mo eventually discovers through a tabloid magazine that a self-proclaimed psychic named shana had phoned a radio program on the day of the kidnapping to warn of the incident . 
1	when he meets a beauty , renee ( izabella miko ) , who says she's reincarnated he must confront his beliefs . 
1	her internet conversation takes a severe turn , only to realize that she has opened a door that she's no longer able to shut . 
1	and a good portion of them were caught on film . 
1	at the beginning , the cast assembles for a seemingly traditional wedding shower . 
1	tellis teams with henry oak , a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs . 
1	most of the information discussed in this portion of the film has never been made public before . 
1	just teetering south of puberty , young thomas harris has discovered that instead of looking at stars , he can use his new telescope to study the beautiful woman next door . 
1	meanwhile , wolverine heads north to investigate his past . 
1	he explains that her dream place can be everywhere , even within this rotten shack . 
1	simon is an angel who shows jordan a clear oath . 
1	like carlos and mickey , sean and eddie are best friends . 
1	as they encounter ranger megan it turns out that werewolves are active in the region . 
1	samantha is then forced to question her own place in the shark-eat-shark world of ambition and power where truth is ever elusive , enemies wear a friend's face and the stakes are nothing less than life or death . 
1	dogville is shot exclusively in studio with a minimum of props once again allowing the actors' maximum freedom and full exposure inspired by televised theatre of the 70s . 
1	one tragic night , john rescues angela from a wicked act of betrayal . 
1	max , a self-declared sugarholic , might be just what stan needs , and he , the answer to her addictions . 
1	the cousins work nights at a local mall as security guards . 
1	without family and all on her own , she only can confide her troubles to simon ( ray walston ) . 
1	through an unforeseeable chain of events , jack comes face to face with the boundaries of his carefully constructed existence . 
1	with voices of poetry , burk juxtaposes thoughts of one's typical ordeals with imagery of what some might consider a defining moment in life . 
1	the night of graduation , they open the box and they strike up a conversation . 
1	also , anthony is black and victoria is white , which doesn't sit well with michael , anthony's best friend since childhood and a surrogate older brother . 
1	they have a son , jai , who is loved by everyone and who keeps the house alive . 
1	sam and the kids band together and manage to combat the armed thugs and foil lamb's perfectly planned crime . 
1	a week later , jash contacts the police , asking not for a ransom but for retired police inspector mo to be his police contact . 
1	marjorie standiford sits on oklahoma's death row , hours away from execution , speaking into a tape recorder , telling her life story . 
1	he presents himself to be a rich boy , fool her and romance with her . 
1	before long , pazuzu , the demon from the movies , fully possesses the boy and father merrin is the only one who can stop pazuzu's evil plan of world domination . 
1	after a long inventory of break-up mishaps , nick enlists the help of his best friend to plan the perfect escape from his overbearing girlfriend . 
1	can martin regain his better self - and not lose paula ? 
1	through an allegorical 'fable' that is told in parallel with joseph's struggle , we are left to decide for ourselves in the end , who is the crow and who is the wolf . , was someone out to get joseph , was it a stroke of bad luck , or was it all in his head ? 
1	ultimately , she must accept that those she loves can give her love and nothing more and that she must find her own , uncertain way . 
1	when the popular , restless landon carter is forced to participate in the school drama production he falls in love with jamie sullivan , the daughter of the town's minister . 
1	through a funny , sometimes uncomfortable , and combative evening we learn what that brief romance meant to them and how they feel about the subsequent course of their lives . 
1	"when sai gwai ( turtle , in the english version ) starts working for lmf corporation with his cousin lun , he immediately meets the four "" pork chops "" ( cantonese slang for ugly women ) : mo , mei , hung and pao . "
1	after spending the night in the wilderness , sarah runs into peter , a survivalist type dressed in full combat gear , who promises to lead her out of the woods . 
1	one day , butcher lee ( karen allen ) , inez's trusted friend and an amateur mystic of sorts , reveals a vision that inez's one true love is close by . 
1	in bucks county , pennsylvania , a five-hundred-foot crop circle is found on the farm of graham hess ( gibson ) , the town's reverend . 
1	paul doesn't see any other way but to commit suicide . 
1	not a moment will go by when he isn't on camera , whether at work or at home . 
1	the plan goes awry when trasha and her psychosis find themselves a paying gig and tables are turned , trashed and burned . 
1	although mainstream filmmakers are fond of their white saviors , most audiences of color are not . 
1	but then everything changes when they discover the world's biggest nugget - worth many millions of dollars . 
1	andy spirals down into crack addiction and becomes a homeless prostitute and mike gains stability in his life once he moves in with his loving and supportive aunt . 
1	increasing evidence about one man's role in a long history of human rights abuses leads to a critical examination of american diplomacy through the lens of international standards of justice . 
1	amongst these are a middle-aged couple who met through the classified ads in a newspaper , a call-girl who keeps her daughter and her sister , a retired actor , an ex-football player , and a janitor who suspects that his adopted father , whom he dreams about every night , is his real father . 
1	before the gang returns , jack and erin's connection intensifies and who ends up with the money is anyone's guess . 
1	seeking refuge in his past , the murderer contacts his estranged brother and falls in love with his brother's wife , gypsy . . . 
1	a time where all fantasies can come true - unfortunately , it is no longer the '70s . 
1	when he kills a butterfly , he unknowingly sets off a chain reaction that will erase humanity from existence . 
1	dr . cleave , who long wanted to possess stella is left to tell her story : 'one of the saddest i know' . 
1	within four months the couple realize that they are incompatible , they divorce and amir emigrates back to germany . 
1	but micke suggests one thing that is a definite babe-magnet : taking a dog out for walks . 
1	when longfellow deeds , a small-town pizzeria owner and poet , inherits $40 billion from his deceased uncle , he quickly begins rolling in a different kind of dough . 
1	well as a hero in the guise of prince charmont , whom ella falls in love with . 
1	a loyal british drummer , one of the thousands of british soldiers stationed in america , accidently drops his canteen into a stream while trying to fill it with water . 
1	for the little hope that is left , frodo and sam march on into mordor , unprotected . 
1	welcome to peoplemovin . com , a leader in america's transient workforce , more commonly known as temporary employment . 
1	a former eastern germany secret agent runs away fron his past and lands in m&#233 ; xico under a fake identity . 
1	and lastly there's dinka , a fellow barber who is madly in love with terri but doesn't get the time of day . 
1	ben has a way of making trouble for julie . 
1	a new war between humans and mutants begins after a tentative of murder in the white house against the president of the united states . 
1	mrs meitlemeihr is a film that dares to ask one of the greatest what-if-questions of the century . 
1	when the chemical sisters , montreal's fabulous club kid duo find an unconscious naked boy on their way out from yet another jetset event , they decide to bring him home and take matters into their own glittery hands . 
1	unhappy father of a draining family he has no controls whatsoever over his life . 
1	stranded on a lonely road , a schoolbus full of high school basketball players , their coaches , and cheerleaders must defend themselves from the creeper - a flesh-eating ancient beast that resurfaces on the earth every 23 years to feed . 
1	this documentary follows a business partnership between a clan of palestinian fisherman from refugee camps in gaza and israelis from the settlement of dugit , gaza strip . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined &#38 ; the lives of the four friends are jeopardized as one falls victim to cociety's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
1	he sabotages evan and gets the job of anchorman . 
1	three different scenarios , intercut , all using the same words but with very different meanings . 
1	eleven year old david wiseman is mad about cricket but no good at it . 
1	they are soon off going from one strange adventure to another . 
1	before they can win some money , a local mob boss , frank finnigan , sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of tony , a local jockey and single parent . 
1	the film follows haris , a hip , handsome afghan-american artist who shows his work at a downtown manhattan art gallery . 
1	the story follows ancanar , the sole heir to the rammoth valley and the last in the line of telganan . 
1	he is extremely strict at work and believes in pushing his workers to the limit . 
1	but before he can get to him she sets out with her father to south africa . 
1	at this , he loses his temper and gets physical with the employee . 
1	"as well as many appearances by characters for the hit television series "" mr . "
1	as a result of this unfortunate circumstance , ella cannot refuse any command , and is often left at the mercy of unscrupulous personalities . 
1	along the way she must fend off the unwelcome advances of national tv talk-show host krystal ( with a k ) , her seedy pop svengali phil spectacle , and her enigmatic live-in sidekick dromedary girl ; as well as avoiding detection by natasha , the bewildered international spy with a penchant for inner monologues , who in turn may just bring reinalda's mysterious past back to haunt her one final time . . . 
1	when reuben buys a black-market cure for his unusual chest complaint , jenny is forced to make a terrible sacrifice . 
1	heart-stopping talent doesn't seem to be enough when your parents want you to hang up your football boots , find a nice boyfriend and learn to cook the perfect chapatti . 
1	the film was shot on location at various firehouses in manhattan , queens and brooklyn . 
1	"set in hollywood , "" coming clean "" is a 12 character ensemble romantic comedy about an engagement party gone wrong . "
1	a young man lingers in the family home of his fiancee , after her accidental death . 
1	it will definitely keep you on the edge of your seat because of the blood and gore or the good looking babes . 
1	she bets ( against all logic ) to be able to build a new palace for caesar within three months . 
1	an attorney ( ben affleck ) in a rush to make a court appointment to file legal papers involving a multi-million dollar trust accidentally collides with an alcoholic insurance salesman ( samuel jackson ) , who also is a rush for a court appointment involving the custody of his children . 
1	wanted : lost soul to look after 4 woman . 
1	the decision gets complicated when old secrets , false hope , and personal tragedies threaten to break up the band . 
1	the hours of life snatched from death lead them in a wild chase across romania , looking for the truth . 
1	the film , explores the human relationships through fully identifiable human beings , taking also into account the prejudices , the lust of life and all those everyday defeats . 
1	as the day unfolds , the decisions become clearer and yet more difficult to make as the characters question what the true meaning of their lives are . 
1	martin van zandt ( victor garber ) is assigned the unenviable task of investigating the crime and finding someone to hold responsible . 
1	a young man ( keanu reeves ) plays a doctor caring for a man ( nicholson ) , who suffers a heart attack at the house of his young girlfriend's mother ( keaton ) . 
1	she arrives with every intent of selling it all off and going back to her busy career , but in going through her grandmother's belongings , she discovers much about her family's past which ultimately makes her re-evaluate her life and values . 
1	michael rooker plays a guard , fisher stevens , john seda , and master p co star . 
1	a take on the classic tale 'the boy who cried wolf' , 'big fat liar' is about a 14-year-old boy named jason shephard ( frankie muniz ) who lies for the fun of it . 
1	isabel and clara are growing up in a time of terror . 
1	 ( leslie mann ) plays his girlfriend , who also wants him to pay $30 , 000 for the down payment on a house ; and ( tom green ) plays his buddy , who's a bad influence on him . 
1	serious and conservative , jamie ( moore ) was as far from cool as she could possibly be , and didn't care . 
1	steven's outlandish plan inevitably backfires , and hilarity ensues as they fall for each other but are unable to express their true feelings . 
1	but just when james starts to question his role and his cat-and-mouse relationship with his mentor , burke taps him for a special assignment to root out a mole . 
1	the quest now set before them ends in a love , a lie and a legend that has lasted a thousand years . 
1	a story of love and enchantment set in the coldest of winters , it explores the issues , dilemmas and barriers facing the lucky and unlucky in love in the 21st century , based on the novel of the same name by pullitzer prize-winning author carol shields . 
1	to the outside , he is a faithful servant and a fierce protector of the organization , but inside he is full of doubt . 
1	while their first few meetings are innocent enough , the obsessive and seductive madison wants more - much more . 
1	the story is derived from the myth of yavakri , which is a part of the great indian epic , the mahabharata . 
1	a situation or activity specially suited to a person's abilities or character . 
1	as different as salt lake city and new york city , sam and charly are thrown together by circumstance and repelled by differences . 
1	they say sooner or later all love stories will end ; now &#38 ; forever is the exception . . . 
1	the filmmaker journeys from her birthplace , brooklyn's hasidic community , to its origins in hungary and back . 
1	like her mother , she is down to earth , clever , and a huge fan of the musical sweeney todd . 
1	a criminal mastermind has set in motion a plan to infiltrate a high tech prison in order to persuade a death row inmate to reveal the whereabouts of $200 million worth of gold . 
1	he is a homeless street performer who brings shakespeare's soliloquies to life each afternoon on various street corners around the city of denver . 
1	tension mounts , and as the cops arrive , morgan is growing impatient . 
1	her cathexis was rapid and she formed an intense attachment to her young doctor , who seems to have reciprocated . 
1	he trades his grandmother's only treasure for a video game ; he throws his food and he throws tantrums . 
1	delia is a spirited , working-class woman from a small town in new york who leaves her abusive husband and sets out on a journey to reclaim the power she has lost . 
1	by contrast , tom finds her world increasingly seductive , and as fatal gradually loses the only person she trusts , she discovers destiny has other plans . 
1	greg puts up with martha's harsh criticism in exchange for a place to lay-low until he can evade the police and repair his delicate relationship with his young daughter , chelsea . 
1	he arrives in the small welsh town , unsettling the life of his ex-lover ( redgrave ) while inspiring his newfound daughter to follow in his footsteps with a musical career of her own , against the wishes of her mother . 
1	a woman who is again able to reach out for love . 
1	"a remake of the danish blockbuster "" klatretosen , "" catch that girl is described as "" ocean's 11 "" or "" mission : impossible "" for kids . "
1	ethan fernier is obsessed with the horror movies of b-movie director , winston korman . 
1	it's sex and the city meets the wedding banquet for young san franciscan daniel chang , living at home with his clueless , traditional mother . 
1	but paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire , drugs and violence . 
1	"this "" league "" comprises seafarer/inventor captain nemo ( shah ) , vampiress mina harker ( wilson ) , an invisible man named rodney skinner ( curran ) , american secret service agent tom sawyer ( west ) , the ageless and invincible dorian gray ( townsend ) , and the dangerous split personality of dr . jekyll/mr . "
1	the originally noble motive rapidly degenerated into an orgy of bloodletting and terror . 
1	diana , who secretly returns jose's affection , comes to his rescue , but is taken hostage . 
1	three friends trace their relationships with each other and learn about themselves in the process . 
1	as the police try to piece together what happened , the convoluted relationship between a young woman and her two suitors gradually emerges . 
1	"anna changes her mind : when some rich , ignorant american couple wondering about if they should buy the house asks for the swimming pool ( while the mediterranean is half a mile away ) , she simply doubles the charge , and finally puts the "" for sale "" plate into the garbage can . "
1	his strengths are fish frying and stamp collecting , and he thinks magnum 45s are a type of ice cream . 
1	drugs are out because they tried that before and some of the po'boys spent a little time behind bars . 
1	the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during the final exams , these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school . 
1	the story starts with phillips and a cohort robbing a store and injuring a salesperson . 
1	things begin to go wrong when they are given a handgun to reward their success in the new job . 
1	through his addiction to these ardent visions , he becomes more reclusive . 
1	they go over less well with tom donnerel , a young farmer and carrie's fianc&#233 ; . 
1	harnessing the explosive momentum of the internet , anime heralds a revolution in 21st century youth culture . 
1	his older brother dale , suspects that there is nothing wrong with brian and that this is just a ploy for more attention . 
1	the result is a high-stakes mystery , where everyone seems to know exactly who is most guilty . 
1	forgotten in the nearby camp of maslakh ( slaughterhouse ) 150 , 000 displaced afghans hardly survive . 
1	jonah loves his job , until the day comes when he has to deliver a message to the people of nineveh . 
1	'loosely based on a true love story' is a romantic comedy starring kate hudson as emma and luke wilson as alex . alex is an author whose writer's block and gambling debts have landed him in a jam . 
1	he led a bleak life , stuck in a boring routinity created by his ambition to become a sucessfull producer in one jakarta's leading tv station . 
1	after a confrontation with a house elf named dobby , harry escapes to the weasley house with ron weasley ( rupert grint ) in a flying car . 
1	unknown to anyone , inez has begun a secret tryst with druden ( james urbaniak ) , a sweet-spirited , oddly-romantic , and wealthy young lawyer in town . 
1	the story takes place in rural vermont , against the backdrop of the state capitol , where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and dwis . 
1	one sunday , while all the town , including his wife and son , are piously praying mass , a miracle occurs . 
1	her family doctor is baffled ; his examination reveals her story to be true ! 
1	though ronnie works at hope house he doesn't follow procedure when he finds sarah wandering outside the confines . 
1	nicole goes through the ordeal of communist prisons , conflicts and risky activities , and manages to provide a heartening example for the other inmates . 
1	however , as simone's fame skyrockets , he cannot bear to admit his fraud to himself or the world . 
1	with a little help from the well connected and seductive daughter of a columbian gangster , he becomes a drug kingpin with a nationwide monopoly on drug running . 
1	after an assassination attempt on the life of senator padme amidala ( natalie portman ) , jedi obi-wan kenobi ( ewan mcgregor ) and his padawan learner anakin skywalker ( hayden christensen ) are sent to investigate . 
1	told in flashback as danny reviews the razor eaters' videos , we see the spiralling rampage through two perspectives ( and two formats ) as danny and the razor eaters eventually collide in a thrilling , suspenseful climax . 
1	kamel , a young man from the french ghetto , near paris , is coming back to france . 
1	the future is on it's way to atlantic city on a bus . 
1	now with the help of the trixter arpid , tribal leader balthazar and an unexpected ally , it's up to mathayus to fufill his destiny and become the great scorpion king . 
1	the ultimate hell is about to be raised on earth . 
1	based on real events then fictionalized the film is set in los angeles circa 1977 and chronicles the rise of two fast-talking hustlers charlie rainone and jack brenner from the streets of south philly to the executive towers of the music business . 
1	the tale of ancanar is an original fantasy story inspired by the author j . r . r . tolkien . 
1	the story is about a man , bruce hickman , and his relationship with another man , frank , the thing that they have in common is the relation with a deaf person . 
1	the quest takes him to the mountains of north carolina , the beaches of the dominican republic , the islands off of ireland , the gardens of japan and the holy land of india . 
1	here , in the smallest quietest corner of new england unfolds a disquieting tale of what happens when music meets murder . . . 
1	handsome , charming and undeniably self-absorbed , he treats her more like a nanny than a harvard law grad and can barely choose a tie without her help . 
1	desperate for a grandchild , she's eager to see him married and spends much of her time planning introductions to suitable chinese girls for daniel . 
1	starving artist gus bishop can't even give away his paintings . 
1	anxious to use artificial life to improve the world , rosetta stone , ( tilda swinton ) , a bio-geneticist creates a recipe for cyborgs and uses her own dna in order to breed three self replicating automatons , part human , part computer named ruby , olive and marine ( also played by tilda swinton ) . 
1	"faced with the obstacle of needing "" ten large "" to finance a studio recording session , the bros . "
1	they all dream about finding their prince charming , and all too often settle for the frog . 
1	the two black men ( anthony and michael ) are successful in the high tech world of silicon valley , and have known each other since childhood . 
1	gigantic is the story of they might be giants , a unique musical group centered on john flansburgh and john linnell . 
1	sharkey , part of the sinister world of child trade , picks up vlado , an orphan of war , dreaming of freedom and a better life . 
1	soon , annie's condition helps leoncio's children realize the essence of a family . 
1	gigli , a lowly and inept hitman , is assigned a job by the mob to kidnap a mentally retarded brother of a california district attorney . 
1	davey thinks he's gotten off easy until he meets whitey duvall , the eccentric , elf-like head referee . 
1	through it all , carlos comes to understand that if he is to make it as a comic artist , he must engage with the community he comes from , take that experience back out into the world , and put it in his work . 
1	torn between his father's dream of making a hospital ( which he can realize by marrying sonia ) and his own personal emotions for dr . neha , akash has to choose either . 
1	shy tonho dreams of being successful , but misses his family and brazil . 
1	her in-laws , who are tired of eva interfering in their lives , decide to set her up with someone so she can leave them alone . 
1	driven by romantic illusion to join the french foreign legion , simon learns what it truly means to be a hero . 
1	so anmol returns , not with prize money but with anna and chota chhatri , and others have this wrong notion that anna is just interested in the petty contract money . 
1	as well as a study of mepe's demise ; an american made dam that stopped the flow of the river which fishermen depended on for survival . 
1	killers , revolutionaries , big business , kids , family , god . 
1	however , boey and wayne get closer and johnny ( who had broken up with samantha ) falls for his new secretart , the paranoid sabrina . 
1	fraud feathers and fairies ( one of the stories from the 'red rock' trilogy of stage plays ) is based on the california gold rush era in the mythical town of red rock . 
1	70 years later , these appliances were condemned as 'perverted sex toys , ' and became the subject of heated debate among lawmakers . 
1	his wife , katharine ross , tries to mediate . 
1	thirty years ago he was a poor worker who left his girlfriend to pursuit his dream of success . 
1	when they come through , will is left with a decision . 
1	after being arrested , a young street-racing addict attempts to avoid the pitfalls of his illegal pastime . 
1	as now-senator padm&#233 ; amidala returns to coruscant to vote on an important senatorial matter , an assassination attempt on her life prompts the jedi council to send jedi knight obi-wan kenobi and his padawan anakin skywalker to protect her and find out who the assassin is . 
1	nukui is perhaps her most devoted fan , and today he wants to prove it . . . 
1	but for one celebrant this holy week is different . 
1	when the switchblade , the most sophisticated prototype stealth fighter created yet , is stolen from the u . s . government , one of the united states' top spies , alex scott ( owen wilson ) , is called to action . 
1	set in the rural landscape of iceland , she faces serious obstacles over the course of the summer that challenge her to find her own resourcefulness , and ultimately her independence . 
1	a civil war veteran , turned winchester guns spokeman , the captain woodrow algren , arrives japan in the late 1870s to train the troops of the emperor meiji , as a part of break away from the long-held tradition of relying on employed samurai warriors to protect territories , as meiji&#180 ; s new army prepares to wipe out the remaining samurais . 
1	anna must make a decision about honoring her father's wishes to go to italy and learn about her heritage , while her three friends each search for the perfect relationship . . . 
1	ploddy is a living car with a mind of his own ! 
1	now the monk must look for a new scrollkeeper . 
1	the tucks have a secret , they're immortal . they 
1	now the kids are far out in the country with no phone , car , or any place to go , and they are being chased by the family of cannibals . 
1	"when their less-than-stunning female forms earn them an invite to a "" dog catcher "" party at their old frat , they decide to brave the harassment so they can grab the rest of their belongings from the house and make a clean break . "
1	when he tries to grant everybody what they want , turmoil ensues . 
1	unbeknownst to her , the real scoop is much more awesome then even she could write about , should she live to tell . 
1	after several fruitless attempts to sell the car , shirley dumps johnny , who has hopelessly fallen in love with her . 
1	terror at tate manor is an independent horror film set in a real haunted house , rich in ghost and spirit sightings , and quite active throughout the filming . 
1	"terry and dean are lifelong friends who have grown-up together : shotgunning their first beers , forming their first garage band , and growing the great canadian mullet known as "" hockey hair "" . "
1	 ( lil' romeo plays a young dancer who has to choose between pursuing a career as a dancer and the quick money of street drug sales ; phifer plays honey's romantic interest . ) 
1	"fbi agent will graham has been called out of early retirement to catch a serial killer , known by authorities as "" the tooth fairy "" . "
1	along the way to finding out how she ended up like that ( and how to get back into her own body ) , she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been . . . 
1	when he arrive she finds that his cousin has lied and that he lives in a flat above a shop with illegals etc . however he sets out to be a film star and auditions for a role that he gets . 
1	he hired angel . com to kill lui because lui opposed nunn's business plans , and also because nunn is carrying on a secret affair with lui's wife . 
1	having arrived at hole in the wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose . . . 
1	she's saving money for a ticket to rome to get out of her life and visit an italian with whom she had a one night stand several months ago . 
1	anmol's greedy wife mona ( amrita arora ) forces him to meet vikrant in india and inform him about guru gulab and collect the prize money . 
1	all is faultless , until fay's parents' marriage breaks down suddenly , out of nowhere , after 40 years of wedded bliss . 
1	the l . a . dogwalking scene provides a colorful backdrop for the story of ellie moore ( diane gaidry ) , damaged goods on the run from her latest abusive boyfriend and on the verge of transformation . 
1	could matty finish a porn movie before his legs get broken by tokyo tony ? 
1	subconscious art : a product of artistic merit that was created without conscious artistic intentions . 
1	fireman-turned-writer larry brown are examined in a unique documentary format that incorporates narrative film adaptations of three of his short stories : samaritans , wild thing , and boy &#38 ; dog . 
1	it is then that they discover the myth of 'the bread in the bed' - a huge bed full of money . 
1	he is imprisoned , awaiting the death sentence for his crimes . 
1	the kids go through many adventures as a result of taking the flag home . 
1	now escaped from prison , mel begins his quest for vengeance . 
1	meanwhile , obi-wan kenobi continues to train the young jedi anakin skywalker , who fears that the jedi code will forbid his growing romance with amidala . . . 
1	no one else , that is , until an extra-ordinary group of six outlaws lands on their front porch . 
1	later that week he put the scenes together in an effort to wrap his head around it all . 
1	the ensuing battle was one of the most savage in u . s . history . 
1	a drug lord who pretends to overthrow the mexican government . 
1	"jamie has a "" to-do "" list for her life and also a very big secret she must keep from landon . "
1	an abused woman ( lopez ) discovers that the dream man ( campbell ) she married wasn't whom she thought he was . 
1	as reality bleeds into hallucination , rothko decides to take the man for a walk . . . 
1	yet , beneath an upbeat appearance , she is struggling desperately with the emotional and physical scars left by the attack . 
1	for the past seven years mel bishop , a cold-blooded old west outlaw , had rotted away in a filthy mexican prison . 
1	a theme park owned by a man named , mondavarious . 
1	murder , cannibalism and satanic rituals are just a few of the 1000+ horrors that await . 
1	they are the only men who are allowed to kill . 
1	a bad day becomes worse by the hour and to top it off , the toilet won't flush . 
1	but again , her guardian angel reactivates her will to live . 
1	john holmes was considered the link between eddie nash and the home in which the massacre took place . 
1	but on the wedding day , they also sign a divorce agreement which is effective one year after their marriage . 
1	the only way around this is using illegal simulated identity implants ( sims ) . 
1	during the course of the story we follow our hero as he attempts to single-handedly save the country from falling into the hands of a despot . 
1	it's hard to recognize change when you're in the middle of it college follows a young man in his final semester of college as he segues into adult life . 
1	but they're also so much more , as you'll find out in deborah dickson's powerful and intimate documentary . 
1	jose is a street performer having an extended dry spell with women . 
1	the women clash as plans go awry , tragedy strikes , and hearts get broken . 
1	this unique short film follows the night of a young british insomniac named jack , narrated almost hour by hour from a first hand perspective . 
1	her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . 
1	in converging with angels , a world-weary sex worker ( dylan thomas ) impulsively takes in a drunk , fragile young woman who is in distress ( allison campbell ) , hoping to force some measure of redemption in a life that is financially comfortable , but morally and spiritually bankrupt . 
1	they are then late for the train and have to ride it to school . 
1	assigned to the vicious in-club slaying of a promising young rap act , the two detective delve into the recording industry where they hope to find answers - ideally ones that also come with property buyers or auditions . 
1	in the 1800's there was a woman that little children would take their old teeth ( ones they had recently lost ) to in exchange for a gold coin . 
1	or so he tells bobby ( alex feldman ) the eighteen year old male hustler smith employs for company . 
1	one day , margalo is nowhere to be found , so stuart and snowbell set out across the city to find her while george covers for stuart ( the first time he's had to lie ) . 
1	when a group of teens win a contest to spend a night in michael myers' childhood home to be broadcast live on the internet , they believe they are in for a little fun and some free publicity . 
1	when she suddenly disappears he travels down to london to search for her only to discover that she has three identities - dancer , dominatrix and con-woman . 
1	young police officer filipo ( giovanni ribisi ) descends into philippa's life , changing her bleak outlook on existence into one in search of tranquility among corruption , as they become unlikely soul mates and lovers . 
1	kimberly corman and her friends decide to head out on a trip . 
1	but when their simple robbery explodes into a bloody ambush , the ruthless killers realize that one of them is a cop . 
1	with the help of his trusty sidekick cousin anthony , the two venture on a wild adventure to discover the true meaning of christmas . 
1	is this dead visitor all in keith's head or is she truly a mother ghost ? 
1	"winnie falls inlove with one of the tucks , jesse , a "" 17 "" year old boy who shares the same feelings for her . "
1	and does he feel the same way about daniel ? 
1	four boyhood pals in derry , maine , get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin , hole in the wall . 
1	in his sleepy home town on the english coast , nothing much inspires him . . . apart from bowls . 
1	this weekend-sized slice of college life follows the amusing escapades of adam parker and his three closest friends . 
1	hale bopp is the story of just such a woman ; her name is rachel . 
1	needless to say , both carlos and mickey are burning to get out of the heights . 
1	as he chases the elusive bounty hunter , jango ( and his cloned son boba ) leads obi wan to geonosis , where he meets count dooku and finds a startling revelation about the former jedi . 
1	she scorned him for not standing by her and they parted forever with a heart-broken paro entering into a chaste marriage with a wealthy , much older man , zamindar bhuvan ( vijayendra ghagte ) , while a shattered devdas walked towards anguish , alcoholism &#38 ; chandramukhi ( madhuri dixit ) . 
1	there is only one drawback , the sorceress and the priestess are sisters . 
1	roy &#38 ; candy and lonnie earl &#38 ; darlene are two married couples who thought they knew one another , until they decided to take their dream vacation together . 
1	they , like many college under-achievers , prefer to spend most of their time going to parties , playing video games , and attending the occasional class . 
1	it can become even more complicated when the visit is a most unusual homestay with three single , american men with extremely diverse and . . . unique personalities . 
1	he is the captain of a dysfunctional bowling team , he is a momma's boy , but more importantly , he loves aida . 
1	" "" so you don't mind that you missed woodstock ? "" he asks a reluctant eric . "
1	the government sends in an elite military task force lead by alice ( jovovich ) and rain ( rodriguez ) to contain the virus in three hours before it escapes and infects the rest of the world . 
1	"after exhausting all conventional resources , he reluctantly visits a mystic who offers to show him three "" visions "" of his son's life . "
1	when their house is robbed on christmas eve they team up to track him down . 
1	as mitch regains his strength , he realizes his life has been a waste and falls deeply in love with angela , his guardian angel . 
1	on the way , they get caught up in a horrible accident , in which kimberly survives , but her friends die brutally . 
1	crumbling yerba city stands empty , except for its drug-parlors , where the remnants of the population cluster , drifting towards oblivion . 
1	a documentary , this film , co-produced by several countries finally became reality . 
1	nevertheless , carlos puts his artistic aspirations on hold to take over the store and care for his father . 
1	when she is discovered stealing money from the hotel , she turns to her friend zidanes for help . 
1	maggie's daughter is kidnapped , forcing father and estranged daughter to work together to get her back . 
1	film school confidential chronicles five film students over the course of one school year : sara , an intellectual , sal , who makes an earnest first film , mark , who shoots wild , psychedelic images , greg , who works hard at cinematography , and marta , sara's quiet freshman roommate . 
1	her husband , eric , becomes obsessed with monitoring his little brother's every move , and colson's moves become increasingly unpredictable . 
1	this ensemble comedy tells ten separate ( but intertwining ) stories of love in london ( with a small portion set in france ) , leading up to a big climax on christmas eve . 
1	after waking up in hell to find out that his mask has been stolen by a dream devil by the name of freddy kruger , he must take revenge . 
1	"a dark comedy about max , who thinks woody allen's "" annie hall "" is a cautionary tale about the futility of romance . "
1	unfortunately , her plan goes wrong , and she actually kills herself . 
1	buenos aires in the year 2002 ; the economical depression has caught the country . 
1	she befriends with one of the regulars , the well known las vegas-playboy jack hiller ( eddie albert sr . ) . 
1	the plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's holden caulfield . 
1	the doctor also finds he has an attraction to her , despite their age difference . 
1	the tragic real life story of a serial killer who stalked his victims in the early 1970's in small town america . 
1	the story , bearing some resemblance to the fight club , is about an organized underground fight ring run by four bosses . 
1	one horrible night , kimberly mathews , a random girl from the nearby town , wanders too close to willy's territory . 
1	grace's only salvation appears to be by the guidance of her paternal grandfather reverend salo sr . ( the amazing kreskin ) . 
1	but when his reputation is challenged by an aggressive racer with a fast ride , he can't back down . 
1	the stakes are high and the characters have to face their fears , their futures and their fellow grads as the game , and their lives , advance towards the climactic ending . 
1	in the end , each must deal with the mysterious and , perhaps , scandalous reason their affair suddenly ended . 
1	but with tess's wedding coming on saturday , the two have to find a way to switch back - and fast . 
1	their love for each other is like a beacon in the storm . 
1	vikrant wrongly implicates guru gulab in a very serious crime , which forces him to flee out of the india . 
1	"as the suspense builds toward a gripping climax , it soon becomes clear that the cia's old maxims are true : "" trust no one "" and "" nothing is what it seems . "" "
1	ultimately , quinn rescues tasha from the hands of another assassin and takes her into his protection . 
1	in a classic homage to chinese martial arts films , he is involved in intense hand to hand combat including sword fighting , guns , car chases , and other ingenious forms of fighting to mame and kill these tong members . 
1	shaken , shae goes to check on her young daughter , sophie . 
1	"based on the bram stoker award nominee short story by cult author joe r . lansdale , bubba ho-tep tells the "" true "" story of what really did become of elvis presley . "
1	what jones needs , however , is not to be cured - but to be accepted for what and who he is . 
1	the story follows a visit to bobby by his mother . 
1	he wanted to make a difference - but nothing does at downview high . 
1	on his journey he befriends slacker jimmy the fin ( peter sarsgaard ) and becomes involved in rescuing his neighbor colette ( debra kara unger ) from her own demons . 
1	and the rule of this race is to kill the other contestants to win the race ! ! ! 
1	bret packard is rich , famous , good-looking , and set to win his fourth championship ring . 
1	daphne must attempt to fit in with the social requirements demanded of her , while also getting to know her father , dealing with his territorial other daughter , and maintaining her own self-identity . 
1	now ten years later , his hope in life now is to find line , an ideal woman lost in his imagination . 
1	but their cultural difference further separates them as lando ( antonio aquitania ) , isabel's boyfriend , enters into the picture . 
1	well , bruce nolan , played by jim carrey , gets that chance after he freaks out on live tv , is fired and is offered a new job by an unknown place . 
1	the police have no clues nor suspects until nick and his colleague realize the killer is a giant octopus . 
1	with a court martial to keep visser and the germans distracted , mcnamara orchestrates a cunning scheme to escape and destroy a nearby munitions plant , enlisting the unwitting help of young lt . tommy hart . 
1	when eliza discovers that poachers in africa's serengeti desert plan to kill an elephant herd with an electrified fence , she and her chimpanzee friend darwin must somehow find a way to stop them . 
1	these four will collide in a titanic battle to determine the fate of the world . 
1	as obi-wan's investigations lead him to kamino , he finds a massive clone army being produced , with a bounty hunter - the last of the mandalorians - named jango fett as the master clone . 
1	unaware of the events to come , they quickly discovered that dabbling with the element of time may have dire consequences . 
1	during his tenure , he was responsible for such revolutionary films as the godfather , rosemary's baby , love story , the odd couple , harold and maude and chinatown . 
1	when a shoulder injury ended his minor league pitching career twelve years ago , jim morris resorted to the next best thing : coaching . 
1	arrested and imprisoned in a juvenile detention facility , leland comes in contact with an aspiring writer and prison teacher , pearl madison ( cheadle ) . 
1	the dons have their own hierarchal manipulations - chotte baba ( jackie shroff ) , medium baba ( gulshan grover ) and bade baba ( amitabh bachchan ) . 
1	in an era when the country's first line of defense , intelligence , is more important than ever , comes an explosive thriller starring al pacino and colin farrell that for the first time opens the cia's infamous closed doors and gives an insider's view into the agency : how trainees are recruited , how they are prepared for the spy game , and what they learn to survive . 
1	with a cast of non-actors , drawn from the very world which the film portrays , 'shooters' is not just another british genre gangster film - it's a film about real british gangsters . 
1	the driver finds himself in a dangerous , yet highly political situation ; this time being pursued by a helicopter gunship while carrying a passenger with a suitcase . . . 
1	but when the teenager decides to invite a 12-year-old boy who is running away from home , maud is near illegality . 
1	after hours of searching for her hidden dream place in the nevada deserts , the taxi driver ( martin kove ) abruptly quits the search and demands that she's paying up immediately . 
1	the rebellion against sauron is building up and will be led by gandalf the white ( sir ian mckellen ) , who was thought to be dead after the balrog captured him . 
1	the only thing that can help him is a very expensive operation , an operation their family can in no way afford . 
1	highlights include detailed instructions on how to perform an icepick lobotomy with household utensils ; a cacophony of robotic voices ; and haunting stills that date back to the turn of the twentieth century . 
1	with few tools for an escape , dave instead happens upon a tempestuous beauty in a laundromat named ruby . 
1	discover what seprates the sportsstyles and the spiritual style of martial arts . 
1	he no longer recognizes his wife isabelle nor his young son antoine nor his best friend fred . 
1	at the agency , instead of mr . right , laura meets miguel , who has all the signs of mr . wrong : he's a blue-collar , unpolished simple man . 
1	during that time , evelyn and her brothers suffer the abuses of living in orphanages while desmond struggles to secure finances . 
1	he falls in love with christine and wants her for his own , but she only has eyes for raoul viscount de chagny . 
1	these efforts lead inez to concoct a desperate scheme involving murder , betrayal , and escape . 
1	it is then an intimate view of the smoldering monochromatic site and the surrounding solitary streets , the ashen outskirts of new york's financial center , desolate and strewn with debris , the epicenter , a steel moonscape of dresdenesque remains . 
1	all of a sudden , one brings up the topic of her going to los angeles for a record contract audition . 
1	the question is , will their lives change forever with the riches that come along with professional sports , or will they be destined to live a life in their home country , asking forever , what if ? 
1	"sean's a drug dealer , owes a lot of money to "" fellow "" dealer rupert guest ( clifton collins , jr . ) , and sleeps with nearly half of the female population on campus . "
1	anthony is a successful computer engineer in silicon valley where he seems to have the perfect life : a beautiful home secluded in the hills , stock options worth millions , and a lovely wife , victoria . 
1	"faced with a $10 million lawsuit , the department agrees to let producer chase renzi film mitch's investigation for a new reality tv show , and constantly tries to make everything more "" viewer friendly "" by changing everything about mitch's life to fit the stereotypical view of police officers--and partners him with trey . "
1	when carolyn's assigned to coach pumpkin she's terrified at first , but soon sees in him something she's never seen before : a gentle humanity and honest clarity that touches her soul . 
1	the story of ray , a personal injury attorney facing a moral and spiritual crisis . 
1	"aftermath asks the question , "" what would happen if the man on the street really did try to stop a bank robber ? "" "
1	suffering from his flashbacks , vince doesn't realize that ellen has also disappeared from the cemetery , right before his eyes . 
1	he still lives in his new york city orphanage well after the usual age of release . 
1	the result of a weekend affair he had back at the height of his fame produced olivia , a newpaper delivery girl for the south wales echo . 
1	this was a time when dialogue became a new challenge . 
1	"his sister nicole is 15 , and dealing with her impending womanhood ; middle brother mike is the "" normal "" one , but in some ways the most childish - his latest conquest is nadine , who runs the dog kennel at his security guard job . "
1	stalked by a hulking , disfigured mutant , the students and their chaperone are in for the most harrowing time of their young lives . 
1	scared of death , winnie must choose between being immortal and being with jesse or following the circle of life and dying someday . 
1	'tracks' is based on the true-story of a middle class white suburban teenagers who unknowingly committed a senseless act of violence in july of 1982 . 
1	after many years of sleeping in his coffin , the vampire lestat awakens only to find that the world has changed and he wants to be a part of it . 
1	victor ( leguizamo ) , is trying to escape his life as a drug dealer in the south bronx . 
1	a mobster's wife is forced to confront her dark side when her young child is kidnapped and held for ransom . 
1	have you ever met that certain someone that made your heart drop the moment you met ? 
1	prison life does not stop kilo from running his operation . 
1	the only thing that matters for him is break dancing . 
1	while conquering the drug world , kilo falls in love with a local latina girl who quickly becomes pregnant . 
1	but her selfish actions soon catch up with her . . . 
1	a film about a modern-day shaman and his young disciple in rural vermont . 
1	in the burial society , sheldon kasner , an unlikely criminal who works as a bank loan manager , infiltrates the mysterious world of the chevrah kadisha ( the jewish society that prepares bodies for burial according to ancient ritual ) in order to steal a body and fake his own death after mobsters come after him looking for two million dollars that he is accused of having stolen . 
1	and with the birth of tiz's son , it becomes unavoidably evident that tiz's fate and his hopes for success involve far more than just his own happiness . 
1	as his clients become more frantic and demanding , ray begins to unravel , questioning the morality of his profession . 
1	he blows her off at every opportunity to cuddle with flight attendants . 
1	mark hamill , sally struthers , brad hunt , angela featherstone and missy crider round out the cast . 
1	"his darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters , including his terminally bored , part-time lover sookie , his godfater's trophy mistress rachel , and smack-dealing performance artists russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from "" going down . "" igby goes down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women . "
1	bob dobalina is an award-winning copywriter who really wants to be a screenwriter . 
1	at the end a 50-foot high , neon-lit , wooden effigy is burned , igniting a wild , tribal , all-night celebration . 
1	in this racially-charged climate , the lapd's elite special investigations squad ( sis ) is assigned a high-profile quadruple homicide . 
1	in the middle of loneliness , and after realizing that filmmaking is more than just filming , he decides to start over again . 
1	after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
1	slim , the thinking head hatched a plan for their final retirement : five consecutive burglars , in five days , involving 20 million dollars . 
1	el toro&#180 ; s sons , cain and abel , were separated as boys because el toro predicted that cain would kill abel . 
1	but the reverie was broken when his family sent devdas to london for education . 
1	she - a person who wanted to live for ever - does however not give in . 
1	benito--for years a fixture in the church as well as the community--welcomes father amaro into a new life of unseen challenges . 
1	the history of psychoanalysis is littered with the discarded psyches of the women whose diagnoses were key to the fame of the great masters . 
1	the subject of this documentary is private life in the big city , apartments as a last stronghold of individuality , in addition to emphasizing the fact that to live together in one and the same place does not ensure that a community will be formed . 
1	as the story unfolds , blake realizes that the master seduces young devotees including melinda and ariel into ritualistic acts of sex . 
1	he began a film , a search , to discover not only what had happened to stevie over the past ten years but to understand the forces that had shaped his entire life . 
1	little does caroline realize that this delicious parisian beauty is a modern-day vampire looking for vunerable victims . 
1	thurman plays a character known as the bride , a pregnant assassin who is shot by her boss , bill ( david carradine ) , on her wedding day , leaving herself and the wedding guests lying for dead . 
1	"a mythic motorcycle tale of father and son "" , this is the story of manuel galloway ( fishburne ) , also known as "" the king of cali "" , the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all african-american men , mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets . "
1	she can't get in there because te door is locked . 
1	this throws him in with the minister's daughter , you guessed it , the mousy seemingly awkward yet beautiful girl with an angelic heart , and she sings too . 
1	the lead character of bruce is a tribute to the late great martial arts legend and portrays many of the stereotypical characteristics and ideosyncrasies that distinguished his illustrious career . 
1	their reporting becomes more compelling when they gather the courage to tell the truth about witnessing two of their peers throw a four-year-old out of a 14th story window . 
1	three stories are created by three artists who happen to meet together on the same subway . 
1	the story is set during the american revolution in the late 1700's , when america fought for it's independence from britain . 
1	sam and ash become good friends as they fight to save celebi from the new team rocket villain , the iron-masked marauder and his darkball , which turns pok&#233 ; mon evil and augments their powers to the maximum . 
1	a young idealistic priest in northern ireland has his faith put to the test when he is faced with the ultimate moral dilemma . 
1	she doesn't want christina to suffer as she has , so sam goes to the edge to try to save the life of this lost girl - whether she wants to be saved or not . 
1	but he has his reasons , as there is a chance that his teen love hillevi will show up . 
1	biography of brazilian actress odete lara , a sex symbol in theater , television , music , and cinema . 
1	he's your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude . 
1	julian , a young heroin addict tattoos a ouija board on his back to communicate with a spirit he has known . 
1	this is the story of honey ( alba ) , a tough sexy dancer from the inner city , who becomes a successful music video choreographer , a career which is threatened when her mentor makes him either sleep with him . . . 
1	the grandfather teaches the boy a small lesson about growing up , while the boy helps the grandfather , a holocaust survivor , open up and tell his story , for the first time . 
1	living in a hidden illegal migrant camp in southern california with her brother and sister , evelia becomes a witness to murder involving international spies . 
1	behind its doors , an elderly husband and wife guard a secret so dark and complex , no one else has ever shared it . 
1	"in this movie , steven seagal and ja rule get put in the "" new alcatraz "" apparently because ja rule kills a cop . "
1	unlike their sons , eddie and sean are immigrants , or children of immigrants , who have made peace with their unfulfilled dreams . 
1	but freddy's plans don't go according to schedule when jason discovers that he has been manipulated , which really sends him over the egde . 
1	simon calms his prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; that genuine happiness only comes from the inside . 
1	"a virus has scaped in a secret facility called "" the hive "" turning all researchers into hungry zombies and releasing their mutated lab "" animals "" that they were studying . "
1	cac&#225 ; , a vj who works for s&#227 ; o paulo mtv , comes to rio de janeiro to make a report about a new band , whose members are poor and live in a slum called morro do alem&#227 ; o . 
1	lynn realizes what's happening and rushes to save sue , who doesn't have the skills to carry out the hit . 
1	in a bid to regain control of her life , ella goes on a quest to free herself from this mysterious curse . 
1	the young man keeps searching and finds an oasis of freedom in a sunflower field . 
1	these blow up another ship with jews , deports and jails the atlantic's refugees in palestine , and then deports them to far-off mauritius islands for 5 years in jail : until the end of the war . 
1	the couch - considered holy because certain hasidic rabbis had slept on it - survived wwii and is in the filmmaker's great grandfather's house in rohod , a northeast hungarian town . 
1	it was filmed above and below water over a two-year period . 
1	lynn runs into yan , the cousin of an old friend who died . 
1	"that enemy has developed a "" micro-device "" that can be injected into victims in order to kill them at will . "
1	there , they plot revenge on those who made fun of them , and especially the power-hungry christine . 
1	they are known as masters of the runaway art . 
1	jack ( samuel l . jackson ) finds himself being held hostage while the criminals decide what to do with him , and the leader's beautiful girlfriend , erin ( milla jovovich ) , is left alone to watch jack . 
1	he is always in search of a rich girl with a view to live a luxurious life with her money . 
1	before parting , werner promised his friend that the disease wouldn't have the last word . 
1	he is visited by a house-elf named dobby and warned not to go back to hogwarts . 
1	the film is a coming-of-age story and also a dark comedy . 
1	frank and steve came to atlantic city twenty years ago to make a big score . 
1	docu-drama based on the life of ted bundy , a serial killer who killed at least 19 young women during the 1970's ( though some sources say as many as 30 to 35 were murdered ) . 
1	except shaun runs into one complication after another starting when his application is rejected after his dim-witted guidance counselor sends the wrong application . 
1	14-year-old meredith attempts to maintain a religious vow of silence during a thanksgiving dinner with her agnostic family . 
1	she kills chow lui with cyanide hidden in a pair of sunglasses . 
1	he dreams of shedding all material worth and going on a spiritual awakening . 
1	a series of mysterious and bizarre death threats soon ushers in symptoms of paranoia , unwelcome fame , and eventually a severe case of writer's block . 
1	"whether it's the fbi swooping in to rescue us in mississippi burning or a fearless teacher storming a "" ghetto "" school to prove our youth can learn as in dangerous minds , we are often offended by such cinematic myths that are more interested in appeasing white liberal sensibilities than raising complex questions about what whites must truly sacrifice if they are sincere about ending racial injustice . "
1	then , he must take the money from the e sale to the industrial district where a drunken old gun runner makes him hide in the closet when he gets a visitor then he takes the gun to a modern day opium den where t-mon , a spaced out pimp , cannot get a card trick right . 
1	until now , zak gibbs' greatest challenge has been finding a way to buy a car . 
1	she has an emotional bond with a casino owner ( deepak tijori ) . 
1	what was to be a modest profile turns into a intimate four and half year chronicle of stevie , his broken family , the criminal justice system and the filmmaker himself , as they all struggle with what stevie has done and who he has become . 
1	martian children are captivated by terran television shows which talk about our ole pal , kris kringle . 
1	it is a study of dark forces lurking in the lives of teenagers today . 
1	now a chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans . 
1	for one week , eduardo coutinho and his team talked to 27 residents in an enormous building in copacabana . 
1	in unraveling this mystery , everyone involved is pushed to the limits of human understanding . 
1	after their past experiences , they know they're condemned but they never once imagined what awaits them . . . 
1	but this hope is quickly jeopardized when it becomes revealed that his comforting visitations may be being made from beyond the grave . 
1	as it spreads among the friends , their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other . 
1	she's helped along in that process by betsy wright ( pamela gordon ) , a misanthropic dog-walker in need of help with her business and struggling with her own dark past . 
1	not that it's been easy - every day ben juggles countless hours in the pool ( training for a critical swim meet ) , with a job at the local hospital , and finding quality time with his high school sweetheart , amy . 
1	the documentary weaves verite rehearsal , interviews , rare holocaust footage , and performances into a revelation of the creative process . 
1	the lord of the vampires is about some 20 something kids getting into trouble and then stepping into even bigger trouble when they happen upon a peculiar home . 
1	after discovering a passenger ship missing since 1962 floating adrift on the bering sea , salvagers claim the vessel as their own . 
1	rebecca falls in love with lukas and soon feels more comfortable in the commune than she does at home . 
1	they all try to cope with the situation - he has only three weeks left , and you don't argue with a dying man . 
1	amongst the excitement of rediscovering old friendships , no one minds that a snowstorm has cut them off from the rest of the outside world . 
1	"julia roberts , blair underwood , david duchovny , brad pitt ( cameoing as himself ) , david hyde pierce , catherine keener , and terence stamp are reason enough to see the film , which is billed as a "" movie about movies for people who love movies . "" "
1	going from worst to first , the team makes it to state , and jim is forced to live up to his end of the deal . 
1	set in san francisco , this is the story of a mysterious immortal tibetan kung fu master ( yun-fat ) , who has spent the last 60 years traveling around the world protecting an ancient scroll , who is now mentoring a street kid ( scott ) in the wonders of his ancient ways . . . 
1	short stories revolving around a bar and a hotel in recife , unveil a mosaic of exotic characters living in the brazilian underground : a butcher married with an evangelical woman , a necrophile in love with a bar owner , a transvestite , and many others . 
1	saruman's army of uruk hai is ready to launch an assault against aragorn and the people of rohan . 
1	when sara ( elizabeth hurley ) is served divorce papers while she is in new york , she is stunned . 
1	davey stone , a 33-year old party animal , finds himself in trouble with the law after his wild ways go too far . 
1	however , the job his army buddy promised doesn't materialize , and he can't escape his past . 
1	ryan plays a lonely new york woman who discovers the darker side of passion after becoming involved with a tough homicide detective who is investigating a series of murders in her neighborhood . 
1	"with no job possibilities on the horizon , the two dads open their own day care facility , "" daddy day care "" , and employ some fairly unconventional and sidesplitting methods of caring for children . "
1	three stories of undying love from acclaimed japanese filmmaker takeshi kitano . 
1	he decides to play along in order to do research for his floundering novel . 
1	biker cary ford is framed by and old rival and biker gang leader for the murder of another gang member who happens to be the brother of trey ( ice cube ) , leader of the most feared biker gang in the country . 
1	in the meantime , a grifter breaks into their apartments and rummages their personal belongings , thus unfolding hidden secrets . 
1	although he has feelings on the inside , he is only able to mimic the emotions around him . 
1	he then goes to paris where he prepares to make a political film criticizing the state of repression in his native land . 
1	ram&#243 ; n salazar , spanish director defines his first feature stones in this way . 
1	on an out of control train holding hostages and high-tech bio-weapons agent kristoff ( van damme ) becomes a one man army to derail the terrorists and save the lives of everyone on board ! 
1	tom twyker ( director of 'run lola run' ) helms this kieslowski tale about love , retribution and redemption . 
1	for sokurov , the hermitage--home to generations of romonovs and repository of so much russian history--is the ark of the russian soul , guarding it affectionately until the world sees better days . 
1	"eddie is a "" normal "" dad , who loves life , his job and most of all family . "
1	the film uses chapman's own unseen personal papers and unpublished memoirs in order to recreate his years at cambridge university , medical school , the monty python years , his struggles with alcohol , his ground-breaking stance on homosexuality , his exploits with john cleese , keith moon , harry nilsson , ringo starr , and his untimely death at age 48 , of cancer . 
1	a young want-to-be actress ( justine lichtman ) is attracted to her boy friend's ( james bowman ) friend ( musashi alexander ) , but her roomamte ( jordan cael ) picks up on vibes ( mistakenly ) that he is gay . 
1	she must stand trial to seek freedom from a life of imprisonment . 
1	life , love , and the fear of failing . . . 
1	her parents continue their quest to uphold strict chinese traditions as esther buffy continues to fall faster and faster finding herself up against god , satan , life and possibly death . 
1	but melanie's past holds many secrets , including jake , the redneck husband she married in high school , who refuses to divorce her . 
1	only a man so afraid of his world is capable of building a device to change it . 
1	after listening to looser friends talk about what silvester stallone would do in his situation , the postal worker decides to buy a ticket to china and follow his love to her home . 
1	when she begins to question his sanity , she decides to take her chances on her own , only to run into another pair , who on the surface appear to be escaped prisoners on the run . 
1	isabel intends for her family to go to istanbul , the only place where jews can live freely , but clara is reluctant to leave . 
1	both got stuck in a broken elevator , 17 level above ground . 
1	tong is sent back to fetch some things for devlin and unknowingly tries on devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit . 
1	arcangel and his son travel to hometown , the familiy house looks abandoned , only isabel , a misterious old woman , is there . 
1	after she rejects him for a fellow social climber , summer g spends ten years building a hip hop empire , then moves to the hamptons where he finds the object of his affections . 
1	by the early '80s , the golden boy of hollywood was losing his luster . 
1	it's then up to mining engineer chris mccormack and sheriff sam parker to mobilize an eclectic group of townspeople , including the sheriff's young son , mike , her daughter , ashley and paranoid radio announcer harlan , into battle against the bloodthirsty eight-legged beasts . 
1	isabel is a naive provincial lass who works as an indigenous fabric weaver while clara is the liberated city girl . 
1	the will factor vertically splits the gang in two . 
1	he needs their help , figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober . 
1	watch as superfag with the help of his zany superfriends , taco chick and salsa girl , the incredible dyke , the bionic old lady , supermomma , disco diva , the wonder trannies and many more , fight against the evil fiend , professor peckerhead who attempts to rid the world of homosexuality forever ! 
1	people were fleeing away from the air raids on kandahar , herat and others cities and villages . 
1	alice is a cleaning lady at the nearby hospital and she sells the books that the patients leave behind . 
1	fired in disgrace , kids show host randolph smiley finds himself out on the street , while his replacement sheldon mopes , finds himself on the fast track to success with a new hit show as the proud purple rhino smoochy . 
1	an intense relationship drama that takes the form of a mystery , the event centers around a series of unexplained deaths that occur among the gay community in new york's fashionable chelsea district . 
1	as time races on 'superbob' must rescue his son dante , who has been kidnapped by big yard . 
1	she spends her days catering to edgar's whims and fighting off lame advances from his taciturn partner in crime , flowers ( arie verveen ) . 
1	in the meantime , josh applies some of his newly acquired wisdom coupled with his own honest approach on doreen ( marlo marron ) - a woman his two buddies have deemed out of his league . 
1	ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works ! 
1	anime reflects both japanese culture ( pre and post wwii ) and western influences upon it , sadly evident in haunting post-apocalyptic images reminiscent of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
1	she - pert , forward , a ball of fire - has just thrown her mobile away after an angry tete-a-tete with her ( ex- ) boyfriend . 
1	what better place for a writer to pick up a girl ? 
1	it is a story about love , passion , addiction , brillance and the ignorance of greed . 
1	amudha , adopted by thiru and indira and growing up with the couples two sons , is blissfully unaware of her parentage , till the couple decide to inform her of it on her ninth birthday . 
1	so when he meets the mysterious professor darabont who offers him a very well paying job to transport sealed packages across the mexican border , morales cannot refuse . 
1	our america is the true story of two bright and ambitious chicago teenagers who , living in one of the worst inner-city neighborhoods in the country , get a chance to become reporters for npr . 
1	isabel ( rica ) and clara ( maui ) , two childhood friends separated by fate . 
1	her all-star cast including nina hartley , kylie ireland , brooke hunter and more , peek at their highest performance levels . 
1	in the bank vault the young man discovers his name , jason bourne . 
1	the result is a chronicle of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one dominated by technology , the synthetic and the virtual . 
1	andrew moves to a small town way up north to isolate himself from the rest of the world . 
1	the master rescues melinda ( jennie dallery ) , a gang-banger on the run ; blake ( jeff sauber ) , a failed young artist ; and ariel ( shannon morris ) , teen hooker ; and brings them to his shelter along with other social rejects . 
1	claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system , she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional charlie grimes ; meanwhile , claire's sister , jackie , is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears lieutenant embry assigned as the official defense lawyer . 
1	now , all the mutants need to fight together against an enemy in common : general william stryker , who is planning to destroy them all . 
1	"his best friend , daria knows just what to do and invites sebastien to a dinner party to meet "" the boys . "" "
1	the mystery inc . gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years , until they each receive an invitation to spooky island . 
1	in order to continue giving therapy without leaving his home he gives it over the internet . 
1	it's all going well for the very single eleanor , until she realizes it's all a ruse . 
1	yet , while all this is going on , sauron's troops mass toward the city of gondor , for the war of the ring is about to begin . 
1	later on , when frode is safely tucked in bed , something is stirring in the closet , because that little monster puppet is no ordinary puppet . 
1	discouraged , and on the point of giving up writing , yun fei meets a young girl who can't see colours , who encourages him to persevere . 
1	thomas , the studious and responsible brother , creates a better life for himself through education and hard , honest work . 
1	he's got big plans and all the reckless passion he needs to follow them through . 
1	one ( logue ) does it for the love of comics , while the other shop , run by a husband-and-wife team ( rapaport and lyonne ) are in it strictly for the money . 
1	discovering the hard way that their involved in witchcraft . 
1	amongst these , ruth , a girl of 17 , writes a diary on the journey they are to undertake on the atlantic . 
1	starting off small , dealing to the high school and college market , kilo discovers the drug business to be very profitable . 
1	"when the us government "" recruits "" him to go on a mission , he's not exactly thrilled . "
1	fame hungry roxie hart dreams of a life on the vaudville stage , and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of chicago , continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break , and be shot into 1920's stardom , so able to flee her boring husband amos . 
1	approaching his 18th birthday , david drops out of school and runs away from home and from a conflicting relationship with his mother elena . 
1	the only way to be victorious is one must destroy the other . 
1	"instead of admitting his guilt , the detective is given an unexpected alibi , but this "" solution "" only multiplies the emotional complexity and guilt over his partner's death . "
1	in the shop we find eddie ( the entertainer ) , an old barber with strong opinions and no customers . 
1	viveka is a glamorous woman and has high standards of living . 
1	jolynn is convinced her clock is ticking and is dead set on making dave hear it--and on making dave do the laundry . 
1	believing himself capable of understanding people from the other side of the track , michael fails to recognize that the ex-con is manipulating him and so sets off a catastrophic chain of events in the community . 
1	"as he struggles for his humanity , he fights his oppressors and is quickly sent to "" the shu "" where his unbridled rage catapults him to the victor's circle . "
1	jude law plays a leading role as inman , a wounded confederate soldier who is on a perilous journey home to his mountain community , hoping to reunite with his prewar sweetheart , ada , played by nicole kidman . 
1	desmond doyle is devastated when his wife abandons their family on the day after christmas . 
1	a woman stands on the shore , looking off into the flooded valley where her friends and neighbors once lived . 
1	with no other leads , claire warily sets out with miles towards tiburon , a secret community outside the city that may be the last hold-out against the drug . . . 
1	his religious devotion to the work is challenged however , when his best friend and personal mentor is run down by an irate motorist and knocked into a deep coma . 
1	he falls for hunky diner owner matt , who falls just as hard back . 
1	tired , bruised and out of breath , they finally free the professor and arrive at the temple of faramundi scant minutes before gallo and his men . 
1	the discovery of this new world is described parallel to other stories of emancipation , such as that of three young prostitutes , of an aged couple going nowhere and man's n landing on the moon . 
1	he fails to win eve's heart and is consequently dejected . 
1	he has just graduated college , he has a beautiful girlfriend , jane , and a publisher has picked up his first novel . 
1	the terrorist must destroy any genetic remains on the junkie to keep the key to her code a secret . 
1	now , years later he has two sons and they have a band . 
1	everything sets them apart , with only their imminent death in common . 
1	dale desperately tries everything to try and calm him down , until the horrors in the dark make him realize brian had good reason to be so afraid ! 
1	along the way , they discover a sinister conspiracy that reaches to the police department and even the highest level of government . 
1	but too late or otherwise , love at first sight is exactly what happens . 
1	still suffering from her hangover , julie doesn't realize that ellen is missing when the school bus leaves the cemetery . 
1	a comedy drama set in modern day florida concerning two vibrant women who find themselves , after their big time dreams have not panned out , back in their small neighboring hometowns . 
1	seymour 'sy' parrish has been doing photo development for 20 years . 
1	54 high school girls throw themselves in front of a subway train . 
1	this event leads to deep thoughts about marriage , friendship , relationships and last not least life itself . 
1	together they piece together the story of a forbidden love affair , and discover one of their own . 
1	the film covers the life of young patricia ( jolie jackunas ) who longs for a career as a singer and songwriter . 
1	when young , virginal caroline ( misty mundae ) learns of her mother's death in paris , she travels to the city of lights for the funeral . 
1	despite the rise in tensions , things appear to be going well until one of the women is found dead in the hot tub . 
1	"the fake "" attack "" turns into a bloodbath . "
1	the deuces are determined to do whatever is necessary to keep drugs off their block even if that means dying . 
1	who is murdered &#38 ; who is the murderer . . . 
1	with utter certainty that druden is the one from butcher's vision , inez plans their escape to richmond . 
1	he carefully plans every day of his life , leaving nothing to chance . 
1	then one night when he's up in his mom's loft , a dead famous comedian appears who tells pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time . 
1	while grieving along with her parents and drawn into legal issues presented by a district attorney seeking justice for the family , he finds himself falling in love with another woman , against his own best intentions . 
1	thus , christina spends the rest of the movie searching for him with her best friend courtney . 
1	los angeles' little tokyo's foremost studio photographer , miyatake smuggled a lens and film holder into the u . s . wwii camp he was incarcerated in and captured life behind barbed wire with a makeshift camera made of scrap wood . 
1	arrives in the form of the beautiful lynn ( shu qi ) . 
1	as the script progresses , layers are slowly pulled away revealing secret relationships and subversive undercurrents - the wedding shower quickly becomes a free for all . 
1	hong has a brilliant mind and immediately senses she's dealing with a killer with very special skills . 
1	but violet , matt's wife is a complicating factor ! 
1	louis has something hilary desperately needs , and hilary has something louis cannot live without . 
1	jordan must decide if simon's answers are good or evil as the paths become intertwined into each other and the lives of the four friends are eopardized as one falls victim to society's views and the other three bond together to carry out a friends promise . 
1	in 1999 , after one of their husbands became ill with leukemia , the women came up with a more commercial concept : discreet photos of these bare wi lasses . 
1	unsuspectingly they step into an arena where nothing is business as usual . 
1	a final moment of panic ensues on the street as individuals rush to save themselves . 
1	however , there just might be more to him than meets the eye . 
1	so , shaun goes to great lengths with a little help from his girlfriend ashley and his drugged-out loser brother lance to get into stanford any way they see fit . 
1	this very strong cultural identity , different from the us model allows blanca li to give an original point of view on today's melting pot of french urban youngsters . 
1	the catholic church and the irish courts decide the doyle children put into church-run orphanages . 
1	she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . 
1	this comedy , based on steve martin's successful stage play concerns a fictional meeting between a young pablo picasso and a young albert einstein at a paris cafe at the turn of the 20th century . 
1	when the machine's serviceman is particularly rude to him , he gets revenge by having his double-parked truck ticketed ; the serviceman runs out and leaves his cart behind . 
1	dildo diaries takes a lighthearted but 'probing' approach to exploring the development of sections of the texas penal code and its effects on the adult sex toy industry . 
1	cabin fever sets in , and the border between fact and fantasy begins to distort . 
1	november 1918 the army of soviet union conquers narva&#180 ; s and petser&#180 ; s cities in spite of their peaceful announcements . 
1	nikola , the director , and his friends have to make the choice - whether to compromise with their consciences and their art , ( as normally happens here in the balkans ) , or whether to preserve katerina's message . 
1	standing by yourself tracks the movements and daily machinations of a group of outcast friends in their strip-mall new york state hometown . 
1	sonia has a crush on akash and she decides to 'buy' his love via a financial agreement that states that on marrying sonia , her father gulshan will help finance the hospital project . 
1	the interviewees , who represent diverse relationships to and perspectives on marriage , use their own stories to explain why the filmmakers - long-term partners interested in starting a family - should or should not wed . 
1	if you go to attic town you'll find a place where the streets have no names and you can never turn back . 
1	nick farrow is a young mid-twenties trust fund baby . 
1	of course , deeds' sincere naivet&#233 ; has babe falling in love with him instead . 
1	vince runs into julie , an old friend of the family , who teaches art at the local elementary school . 
1	mexican crimelord beno gildemontes has stolen classified intelligence data . 
1	his debut novel currently resides on top of the best-seller list , and even the potential diversion of hollywood knocking on his door cannot keep him from his writing . 
1	if all goes according to plan , lizzy's baby will be born a hyper-intelligent consumer , ready to plug and play in our dollar driven world . 
1	disregarding the fbi's warning , rachel probes into her sisters disappearance . 
1	holmes</a> was the worlds best known male actor in the adult industry . 
1	he's fascinated by a candy machine , and asks his mother for money , but she refuses . 
1	a new border is drawn between hindu-dominated india and muslim-dominated pakistan , and the region is torn apart by massacres fueled by ancient animosities . 
1	on his journey , he comes of age , meeting a diverse group of people , from a random business man to keisha ( washington ) , a girl he inevitably falls for . 
1	well , there is a boy named kyle who gets a warning from his friend caitlin to not peek . 
1	one day , all the windows in the city disappeared . . . 
1	once in ghana , otte is called before the chief's council to explain what happened . 
1	women prisoners strike up a friendship with a young law student who works as a part-time prison guard . 
1	that all changes when a teammate is mysteriously stabbed during a ball field brawl . 
1	just on the other side of thirty , dave is an unemployed sculptor clumsily going nowhere in a small town . 
1	between new york and california is the wasteland known as the plague zone . 
1	unfortunately , the bomb goes off unplanned and kills four innocent people . 
1	this is the story of nat banks , an 8th generation virginian gentleman farmer living in the past , who loses his family farm , greenwood , to a pair of land speculators from washington , d . c . 
1	louis is a struggling painter whose life is turned upside down when his wish comes true and he becomes trapped in his own paintings . 
1	they come across each other again and want to make their fathers' wish come true , so they arrange for yoyo and cheung to meet in london . 
1	" "" one hell of a christmas "" is a dark and action packed comedy that takes place in a modern city as well as in a fearful underworld . "
1	and to make matters worse , he's been replaced by a man with a moustache ! 
1	tor loves jessica but his life has got stuck in a rut . 
1	the two animals decide to search for the father and return the baby to him . 
1	unable to get time off work his mother leaves him outside in their garden to avoid him causing trouble . 
1	when he finds out she is gay he starts to do his homework . 
1	winnie is a free-spirited 15-year-old in a stuffy victorian household who stumbles on the tucks , a strange family hiding out on the family grounds . 
1	"the film is based on the true story of telecommunications genius walter l . shaw sr . and his son walter t . shaw jr . , the confessed "" dinner time burglar . "" "
1	by the end of the day , everybody is nervous and tensions gets high . 
1	shade is set in the world of poker hustlers working the clubs and martini bars of los angeles . 
1	finally , he gets an offer to make a big film . 
1	not only is his business booming , he is also hired by the governor to kill another inmate in return for an early release . 
1	after escaping from the racoon city medical facility alice searches for answers to the t-virus and how to contain it , all while trying to find a way to escape the ruined city with fellow survivors . 
1	"john "" eagle eye "" pennell travels the country collecting his former b-17 crewmen in order to fulfill a pact made many years ago in the heat of battle . "
1	a young man shares his mantra and imagines innocent beauty as he reflects upon his lonely , mundane existence . 
1	the result is a farcical and sad truth that should make the hollywood step-upons , stolen-froms and never-beens delighted and perhaps even a little vindicated . 
1	writer/director steve oedekerk uses contemporary characters and splices them into a 1970s kung-fu film , weaving the new and old together . 
1	the film begins in the fifties , when odete was 21 . 
1	a group of hard core female inmates are trained by the military . 
1	he sells them the drugs , they teach him how to smoke a joint . 
1	the main characters are dr . kanna ( sharad kapoor ) , his fianc&#233 ; e rupi ( ms . nandita das ) , rajayya ( makrand deshpande ) as naxalite commander , inspector despande ( sayaji shinde ) , ghisu ( vijay raj ) and dattu ( rajpal yadav ) . 
1	john , completely devastated , soon finds some sketches his wife made after the accident . 
1	in a time when a woman's place was in the home , young emily ventures out and falls in love with a young soldier , eventually carrying his baby out of wedlock . 
1	set in an american town in the rocky mountains in the 1930s . 
1	although the dogs seemingly have it in for ted , he decides to keep the dogs and race them in the local race , the arctic challenge , spiting a mountain man ( played by james coburn ) who wants the dogs . 
1	unlike conventional movies , kill bill is told in chapter format making the narrative flow more like a book than a film . 
1	they find themselves competing for not only the press' attention , but also the focus of their shared lawyer , the suave billy flynn . 
1	a fourteen year old lad discovers his first love at the point of his pencil whilst drawing the portrait of a sickly but coquettish fifteen year old girl . 
1	jason loses an important story assignment entitled 'big fat liar' in movie producer marty wolf's ( paul giamatti ) limo , which wolf then turns into a film . 
1	the agonizing memory that has tortured him all his life--the death of his father , a convicted murderer who was executed when vincent was just a boy--still plagues him . 
1	after military service in the gulf war and the former yugoslavia , he returned to his inner city neighborhood to teach at the toughest school in town . 
1	there starts a dangerous game where the two teenagers that graham is protecting will be implied . 
1	jamie lee curtis ( true lies ) and lindsay lohan ( the parent trap ) star in the remake of the 1976 disney classic freaky friday . 
1	a wealthy american quaker woman rebels and marries a french baron for love . 
1	upon arrival , josch and t&#252 ; rlich find ischgl to be a center for apr&#232 ; s ski parties , and drink hard to blend in . 
1	he must set out to find her the medicine that will help ale her illness but finds himself in a predicament where he encounters trouble , evil and of course love . 
1	roxie killed her lover when he walked out on her , and velma killed her husband and sister , who were having an affair . 
1	his plan goes awry , however , when the group is forced to work for a drug ring . 
1	how would you feel if when you woke , the nightmare had just begun ? 
1	it's all about love is the story of two lovers and their attempts to save their relationship in a near-future world on the brink of cosmic collapse . 
1	the gang breaks their leader out of jail , killing the policemen in the process . 
1	decades ago , the legendary james brown sold his soul to the devil for fame and fortune . 
1	here lives grace ( lizzy mahon ) , salo jr . 's daughter , whom he and his equally bizarre wife ( christie sanford ) have enslaved through enforced drug addiction and psychic brainwashing . 
1	to lena , vaughn represents the life she is running away from . 
1	"while it hasn't always been smooth sailing , they've ridden out the rough spots with humor , passion , and wisdom , redefining and reinventing their own version of "" family values . "" "
1	trying to avoid jail time from credit card fraud , price ( patrick mcknight ) , at the advice of his cousin , hides out at a college fraternity . 
1	charlie beck is a handsome british charmer , he arrives in a vintage sports car and woos sally until he sweeps her off her feet . 
1	when raj arrives in india , he is struck by tina's beauty but equally as struck to pooja's personality . 
1	as sebastien does his research over the next several days he begins to discover more about himself than he ever anticipated . 
1	meanwhile an unspoken attraction develops between joe and ella , heightening the claustrophobic tensions in the confined space of the barge . 
1	dan tort , a troubled genius attempts to build a magnetic engine while running from the deamons of his past , and trying to stay a couple steps ahead of the government and corperate kings . 
1	the quest is hope and the passions that drive us in this search . 
1	clashing their swords in fiece mortal combat , will and jack attempt to recapture the black pearl ship , save the british navy , and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the pirates of the caribbean . 
1	in verifying information , she interviews the narrator and becomes his lover . 
1	at the same time , two hitmen wants get him wacked . 
1	with no money , patricia adventurously travels cross-country , fights hunger and rape-attemps . 
1	touted as an unofficial sequel to his 1989 hit sex , lies , and videotape , this arty film-within-a-film ( which was shot in just 18 days ) revolves around seven people with little in common whose lives collide . 
1	she challenges isabel's authority and is prepared to break her family ties and sacrifice her faith for love . 
1	she meets noble , an endearing bundle of tragic flaws , and sparks fly between these two lost but likeable souls . 
1	in the near future a young biker leaves his crumbling life in rural ireland to join a strange 'metal circus' as it tours the cities of europe . 
1	bobby and susan have found in each other what most only dream of finding , their soul mate . 
1	jedi knights obi-wan kenobi and anakin skywalker discover there is more than meets the eye behind an assassination attempt on naboo senator padm&#233 ; amidala's life . 
1	one day a man named donny ( morris chestnut ) infiltrates a prison with a band of crooks looking for 200 million dollars worth of us gold . 
1	tina tyler cleverly directs five vignettes with unabashed sexual prowess . 
1	based very loosely on robert ludlum's novel , the bourne identity is the story of a man whose wounded body is discovered by fisherman who nurse him back to health . 
1	"on her last day alive , she develops an unusual relationship with kevin , a bisexual hustler specializing in "" freaks . "" "
1	they are living eye-witnesses of the end of an era : 800 years of the death penalty in europe . 
1	meet a struggling young citizen of our chaotic attention deficit world : lizzy lyons . 
1	"five hours ago the "" t virus "" was "" accidentally "" released . "
1	an art whose medium is one of flesh and bone . 
1	fundamentally , john learns that love and a sense of purpose are more powerful and more valuable than money . 
1	dre is an executive with a hip-hop record company based in new york . 
1	calendar girls is about the women of the rylstone women's institute in north yorkshire . 
1	alenka indulges in the belief that her lover is dead in order to account for his absence . 
1	"but things unknowingly begin to turn sour when danielle's disgruntled boyfriend begins investigating into "" gil harris' "" past to uncover any dirt on him . "
1	"the gender-skewed adventures begin when butch , a handsome , but naive baby butch , is compelled by the queen to seek out and bring back her purlined "" koilos "" the source of all pleasures and the key to order and harmony on her island . "
1	for too long the children have been abused , molested , neglected , exploited , and killed , and their tormentors have escaped through the cracks in the justice system . 
1	to get the job done , they must all do what they have never done before # trust each other . 
1	the historionaut , a history machine , produces an incessant stream of remembered , contemporary and future images . 
1	a timeless , coming of age story set against the epic , sweeping landscape of north africa . 
1	while mitchell is there , his mother shows up to get the gun . 
1	new york city homicide detective vincent lamarca has forged a long and distinguished career in law enforcement , making a name for himself as a man intensely committed to his work . 
1	j&#243 ; hann is a 30 year old guesthouse owner isolated from the outside world following the death of his father . 
1	a hitler youth is apprentice painter engaged in the production of tank decoys ; a chinese red guard ballet dancer confronts the communist hierarchical order through her dance ; a ny film maker uses the symbol of freedom to sell her publicity ; three stories . . . 
1	when wei is promoted from the rank of nightclub parking valet to the rank of debt-collector in brother gu's gang , he persuades his boss to hire jie to work alongside him . 
1	the mexican dream , is a tragic comedy about the longings and delusions that lure so many illegal inmigrants to this country . 
1	rather than spreading good cheer , the duo's motive is to rob each establishment , a strategy that becomes complicated when they encounter an 8-year-old who teaches them the true meaning of christmas . 
1	poets is essentially a travelogue of the british isles , juxtaposed with an anthology of classical and contemporary verse , macro-cosmic in scope , microcosmic in its singular intensity . 
1	over a fourteen year period they were the heartbeat on every hit from motown's detroit era . 
1	then he meets syd , a 12 year-old girl with bright clothes and green hair . 
1	"this "" hitchcockian "" thriller tells the story of a young new york investment banker ( hartnett ) who becomes obsessed with a woman he sees in a cafe , believing her to be his long-lost love , following her home to her apartment , where he waits for her , going so far as to put his engagement on hold . "
1	it is the height of the festive holiday season and merry shoppers have begun their yearly pilgrimages to their local malls . 
1	the warden's attitude starts to change after 8 years , when mitra tries to protect a new inmate from rape at the hands of her older cellmates . 
1	already living in a society that mistrusts them , the mutants are faced with even more discrimination after an unforeseen enemy - who may be a mutant with extraordinary powers - launches a devastating attack . 
1	harry potter ( daniel radcliffe ) returns to hogwarts school of wizardry for his second year . 
1	when the lover and child catch up to the angel and the girl , too much time has passed . . . 
1	eagle is facing his own living hell 3 , 000 miles away in new jersey . 
1	this dramatic film , set in a japanese american internment camp during the world war ii , explores one family's experience and examines the sacrifices and triumphs of those who endured and survived through preserverence , courage , and the all-american game of baseball . 
1	he is at a loss to describe what he may have seen to the police , to ellen's mother , to himself . 
1	filmed in a california maximum security prison , the series is a look into the world of street and prison gangs , which ask is there a way out for these men who have dedicated their lives to gangs . 
1	so the hunt begins as ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled , but nothing works . 
1	yet , just beneath the surface , there is an insecurity and fear they cannot face . 
1	a young man is struggling to get over harmful memories from his childhood , but while doing so discovers a technique that allows him to travel back in time and occupy his childhood body changing his history forever . 
1	when danny's beloved grandfather dies , does his greed overcome his love ? 
1	for years he has been happy here , content and prolific , but now he is at odds with his work and is unable to paint . 
1	when marisa's true identity is revealed , the two find that they are worlds apart , even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between manhattan and the bronx . 
1	their only common bond is the vague promise of riches at the end of their journey as they try to stay one step ahead of santiago , a violent gangster out for their blood and gaining on them all the time . 
1	stiles takes red green and the other lodge members to court , forcing them to come up with $10 , 000 in damages in ten days - or else lose their beloved possum lodge . 
1	when rodney is hired to kill a blackmailer who has dirt on a u . s . congressional candidate , it's just another dead body for a fat wad of cash . 
1	not knowing that the others have also been invited , they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways . 
1	will david or matt learn the true meaning of love ? 
1	chapman is on trial for a murder of latin american villagers while he was in the marines . 
1	a young couple moves into a neighborhood obsessed with the frightening silent movie history that took place 80 years before . 
1	including finding the anti-christ , who is now a 11-year-old boy . 
1	april burns ( holmes ) invites her family to thanksgiving dinner at her teeny apartment on new york's lower east side . 
1	all kinds of animals begin immigrating to the south , seeking more warm climates . 
1	shae is about to return to bed when she hears water running in the bathroom . 
1	beneath clouds is the story of lena , the light-skinned daughter of an aboriginal mother and irish father and vaughn , a murri boy doing time in a minimum security prison in north west nsw . 
1	with a schizophrenic father , a self-absorbed , distant mother , and a shark-like young republican big brother , igby figures there must be a better life out there , and he sets out to find it . 
1	edgar gets wind inez is up to something and blows his cool , beating her and making her a prisoner in their own home . 
1	many have no physical sex lives , living instead in a world of romance with stars like james dean or audrey hepburn . 
1	at the shelter which offers only a two to three month respite from the streets , counselor tony perez ( jack forcinito ) tries to provide guidance to steve and his roommates mike ( demetrius navarro ) and andy ( esteban powell ) . 
1	beary barrinson , a ten-year-old bear cub raised by humans , heads for tennessee to find his birth family . 
1	"in "" house of 1000 corpses "" , two young couples take a misguided tour onto the back roads of america in search of a local legend known as dr . satan . "
1	" "" mudbloods "" ( people of muggle families ) are "" petrified "" by an evil monster lurking in the grounds . "
1	the film first relates the journey of afghans refugees fleeing the bombing and war around herat and other cities to take refuge in ill-equipped camps . 
1	in this action comedy feature film , 'superbob' utilizes his highflying karate mastery and investigative techniques to tackle the ruthless big yard . 
1	learn about competitions such as k- ! , the world's most popular martial arts competition . 
1	the story follows a year in the life of the hemples , a family that takes home schooling to an extreme - and has for generations . 
1	john roper , ( bruce mathews ) a disillusioned vietnam vet and ex-drug dealer travels through the orient to get spiritual . 
1	william baldwin and jodi lyn o'keefe of 'halloween : h20' fame are both set to star in a new movie playing as brother and sister who travel to their family's ancestral mansion after their father's death . 
1	but how shall they bring the news of failure to the grand councilwoman without being punished ? 
1	"this film tells the true story of fraudulent washington , d . c . journalist stephen glass ( christensen ) , who rose to meteoric heights as a young writer in his 20s , becoming a staff writer at "" the new republic "" for three years ( 1995-1998 ) , where 27 of his 41 published stories were either partially or completely made up . "
1	craig and day day have finally moved out of their parents houses and into their own crib . 
1	together they build the spectacular fire organ that inspires awe and wonder . 
1	there follow three months of exhausting interrogation and isolation . 
1	just like any other elevator in any old building . 
1	the elders wonder what on earth they have gotten themselves into but before the day is out their view of the old man and themselves changes . 
1	welcoming the challenge , roger guides nick through the city's wild nightlife for an all-night crash course , only to realize that he--the adult--still has something to learn about what women , and men , really want . 
1	jonathan ecks ( antonio banderas ) , an fbi agent , realizes that he must join with his lifelong enemy , agent sever ( lucy liu ) , a rogue dia agent with whom he is in mortal combat , in order to defeat a common enemy . 
1	the ringwraiths return in an even more frightening form . 
1	at the end of the second world war , 38 year-old career soldier gian singh resigns his commission with the british indian army and returns to his childhood village , near the border with pakistan . 
1	in keeping with the holiday spirit , the judge gives davey one last chance at redemption-spend the holiday performing community service as the assistant referee for the youth basketball league or go to jail . 
1	but the break turns into a nightmare when sanjana starts hearing screams . 
1	shae powell , a successful single mom , wakes up rattled from a horrible dream . 
1	despite their many differences , they form a loving , long term relationship . 
1	mckay's camera follows him from his detailed make-up at home , into a waiting yellow cab and down to a chelsea nightclub dressing room for finishing dressing and wig before he goes on to win over a standing room only audience . 
1	"igby slocumb , a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy , is at war with the oppressive world of his east coast "" old money "" family . "
1	when jonathan jordan gets divorced he's thrust back into the world of being a single mormon - a world who's ultimate goal is eternal marriage . 
1	stryker puts into motion a plan to eradicate the mutants and begins an offensive on the x-men mansion and school . 
1	comedic high jinks ensue as the two go on the lam and start to fall in love . 
1	born and raised in the city , sang-woo quickly comes into conflict with his old-fashioned grandmother and his new rural surroundings . 
1	it's jenny's wedding day - not a good day to realize you're not in love with the groom ! 
1	lynn tells sue she wants to stop their criminal life and get married ^&#214 ; she won't accept chow nunn's order for the second killing . 
1	" "" a sound of thunder "" is about a game hunter ( burns ) who goes on a time-traveling safari owned and operated by kingsley's character to hunt dinosaurs in the prehistoric era . "
1	she finds out that the truth about both her parents is very revealing , shocking at times , but comes to terms with her past . 
1	the film stars jim caviezel as dantes , a sailor who is falsely accused of treason by his best friend fernand ( guy pearce ) , who wants dantes' girlfriend mercedes ( dagmara dominczyk ) for himself . 
1	her maid of honor says she's got to call off the wedding , but that proves much more difficult than expected . 
1	"unlike cinderella though , ella must depend on herself and her intelligence to get her through her troubles and find lucinda in order for her "" curse "" to be broken ! "
1	"crime can most certainly pay , if you "" know wot i mean ? "" "
1	at sciltre , nothing that is served up is what it seems and sometimes what you get isn't what you really want . 
1	sean , an all go no quit , military driven high school student recieves a video tape of a brutal murder . 
1	jacki resolves to play this one last gig and then throw in the towel if she does not find success . 
1	his life is a whirl of seedy bars , seedier girlfriends and a wife two towns away . 
1	with just hours left , can the code be broken to save the world from total annihilation ? 
1	gigli abducts the brother from his mental hospital and holds him hostage in his apartment . 
1	after leoncio's death , robert feels terribly sorry for annie especially when he discovers that she is suffering from schizophrenia . 
1	as he returns to moscow he finds a new world ruled by underworld bosses , criminal clans fighting each other and utter chaos on the desperately keeping appearances streets of russian capital . 
1	on november 12th 2001 , aspiring documentary filmmaker griffin mack began to capture the story of this elusive rising star . 
1	zero , who , like many hong kong youngsters , has a handful of unsteady jobs . 
1	in depression-era chicago hitman michael sullivan is known to friends and enemies alike as the angel of death . 
1	second in a three-part anthology on relationships between humans and aliens . 
1	ami , having dropped out of college with twelve credits left , works at a flower shop , biding her time till she can get eric to understand what she knows deep down what she wants to do - be a mother . 
1	harry is watching over his dying wife and waiting for the gun to arrive . 
1	but as documentary filmmaker , zeus papagianakopoulous , is about to find out , the real story took place when the cameras weren't rolling . 
1	upon his arrival he hears talk about monroe hutchen ( snipes ) who is the top ranked prison boxing champ 10 years running . 
1	they belong to the international world of fashion and modelling and are top of their game artistes . 
1	this movie attempts to reconstruct the bankruptcy of the banco ambrosiano bank and its liaisons with the vatican and the masonry through the story of its president roberto calvi , notoriously found dead under the blackfriars bridge in london in june 1982 . 
1	only the android attendants are still capable of action , mindlessly maintaining and administering the 'drip' . 
1	chomsky , in stark and uncompromising terms , challenges the united states to apply to its own actions the moral standards it demands of others . 
1	she becomes part of anita's world , but events do not run smoothly . 
1	the miseducation of mitchell is a gritty , inner-city drama that covers one day in the life of mitchell , a quiet ten-year-old boy who lives with his crack-head mother ( nayomi ) in a roach infested downtown l . a . motel . 
1	after two years seperated , they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on spooky island . 
1	this is the story of a pot-smoking , free-wheeling los angeles record producer ( mcdormand ) , with a rock star boyfriend ( nivola ) , whose straight-laced son ( bale ) comes back home after graduation from harvard medical school with his rich fianc&#233 ; ( beckinsale ) , who's working on a book . 
1	a stone building , newly restored , stands in the clear light of the autumnal equinox . 
1	how can neil and stevie get out of their mistaken marriages and into each others arms ? 
1	fourteen-year-old misfit farm boy duncan midge ( hirsch ) is trying to cope with his mother's death . 
1	in the mean time , budcasso invites his spirit-fighting ex-wife mrs . bud lung ( troublesome night regular lan law ) to the wedding . 
1	a modern romantic comedy set in halifax , mexico city , barcelona , tokyo and on the flights between , dragonwheel is the story of gloria ( krista macdonald ) , a worldly but crabby teen-boy-band manager and sherman ( graham gavine ) , a morose rural man as they escape from their lives , experience life-changing travel , and against their will , cling to one another . 
1	try as he might , the roguishly handsome cliff starkey , just can't keep out of trouble . 
1	based on a true story , sergeant peter king ( kenneth cranham ) of the army dental corps , too old to fight , and private leslie cuthbertson ( leo bill ) , a trainee dental mechanic in the corps , are thrown together by their passionate desire to see active service . 
1	they all collide during the course of a typical no thrills weekend an urban fairy tale-romantic comedy , in which nola , an aspiring songwriter , leaves an abusive kansas home and journeys to new york to find her biological father . 
1	they grew up sharing a special relationship , in which they existed only to each other . 
1	most of them realize it is counterfeit , but too late to take action . 
1	it's her millionaire boss , george wade ( hugh grant ) . 
1	complicating matters further is the fact that commitment-shy dex unexpectedly meets marcia , the girl of his dreams . 
1	he dies before he gets a chance to communicate with the spirit and his dead body with the ouija board is left to the devices to his strung out friends . 
1	several people are listening to keith's plight on the radio and are making changes of their own . 
1	all the while a growing shadow falls upon middle-earth as the dark lord's army marches on to gondor . 
1	he is an aspiring writer struggling with these : endless nights marked by creative block , memories of a childhood rotten with abuse , and the thirst of unspeakable sexual desires . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	the contents of which will decide the fate of a nation . 
1	after having christmas present and rent money stolen by someone posing as santa , they get jobs working as unarmed security guards in the local mall , they get threatened with eviction , pick up girls , get drunk , take drugs and need quick cash . 
1	in this darkly comic short film , a daughter and her elderly dying mother are arguing over a dress . 
1	in a future where emotion and desire have been wiped away by an unshakable new narcotic , society exists simply to provide a constant source of the drug . 
1	krueger is able to disguise himself as pamela voorhees , and instructs jason to start murdering on elm street upon his resurrection , therefore restoring freddy's power as well . 
1	they start an in-depth investigation of a doctor chu , who is shin-hyun's psychiatrist . 
1	in some cases love means actual love , in other cases it means sex , and in one case it means losing one's virginity . 
1	are they illusions , visions from the past , ghosts - or is it reality ? 
1	the book tells of murray , the old scot patriot , who has had his eyes torn out and his house taken away during the english invasion . 
1	"accompanying them is jon's "" soulmate , "" todd , a 35-year old businessman recklessly reliving his adolescence , plus other "" circuit friends "" the boys make along the way . "
1	partly because of the severe regime of a dreadful nurse , the five decide to escape from their new home and go back to the old one under their own steam . 
1	witt plays a young harvard graduate who also represents grant's character . 
1	racial bigotry , violence and corruption thrive in places like marquezas . 
1	the screenplay was adapted from sands' real diary , which he kept for the first 17 days of his 66-day hunger strike , until his ultimate death . 
1	what they soon discover is that they aren't alone . . . and it isn't a german soldier that's hunting them down . 
1	two brothers inherit an old , broken down carousel on an abandoned boardwalk in new jersey . 
1	mike sullivan ( tom hanks ) works as a hit man for crime boss john rooney ( paul newman ) sullivan views rooney as a father figure . 
1	skyler shaye plays the object of affection of carbonell's teenage son . 
1	after six months at sea on an unassisted solo circumnavigation , georgia perry's 44-foot sloop is becalmed for several days . 
1	"connor and murphy are quite content with this "" natural "" life and their pasts begin to seem faded and worn . "
1	following the gruesome murder of a young woman in her neighborhood , a self-determined woman living in new york city--as if to test the limits of her own safety--propels herself into an impossibly risky sexual liaison . 
1	more prophetic words have never been spoken in a world where love , sex , race , and betrayal are more than skin deep . 
1	after ten years of being ignored by record producers , jacki and the band find hope in one producer who promises to see them play and consider them for a contract . 
1	"believing that he is the "" world's greatest swordsman , "" juan antonio merrily accepts the challenge until he learns that the duel will be fought with pistols , not swords . "
1	tyrone gets two men to lift the machine onto the cart , and starts a trek through the city streets , to the cemetery , where the machine ( stripped of its candy and money by street thugs ) acts as a birthday present to his dead brother . 
1	soon after , the old man reappears on the shore and is greeted by his wife , who has been waiting for his arrival . 
1	new arrival alden pyle ( brendan fraser ) , an idealistic american aid worker , befriends london times correspondent thomas fowler ( michael caine ) . 
1	dr . david banner , while working on a military project to create a super-soldier of sorts , purposefully modifies his own dna . 
1	when her niece spontaneously dies of fright one week to the day she watched a disturbing video , a cynical journalist ( naomi watts ) travels to the pacific northwest in search of the tape's origins and its links to a string of suicides at a horse ranch . 
1	we also catch a glimpse of the band's ideas about performance from the blend of footage from concerts , television , music videos , and other media . 
1	when his wayward sister , kassie ( kerry washington ) , goes missing eddie burns finds himself subjected to a fiendish and ingenious campaign of revenge by the mysterious charlie strom ( gary oldman ) . 
1	her short visit awakens a romance that cannot go outside the island . 
1	"culled from nearly two years of filming , the documentary's candid interviews , lyric moments of grim beauty , and powerful verite footage takes us beyond the usual stereotypes of the rap world and into the life of tislam milliner , a struggling rapper who's ambitious to make it out of the "" hood "" . "
1	"with some help from otis and the paddy wagon's quirky regulars , among them an angry war vet in a parrot costume and a traveling salesman with a "" small "" problem , mark finally gets what he deserves . "
1	her recent divorce has left her with terminal writer's block and extremely depressed , and her best friend , patti , is beginning to think she might never recover . 
1	the detective maud graham hides her sensibility behind the image of a strong and independant woman . 
1	his older brother junnie offers to coach him on how to be a player , promising martin that within two weeks , she'll be his . 
1	he works as an illustrator at a news paper and his life is pretty okay . 
1	an inexplicable crack in the pyrenees mountains provokes excitement and scientific curiosity . 
1	soon after , christin returns as a fierce ghost , and begins to kill all in her path at the hotel as a means for revenge . 
1	it soon becomes obvious that blossom , bubbles , and buttercup are not normal girls , they have superpowers and have not yet learned to control . 
1	hunted by the police and the various mafia groups , they work their way up to the source of this incredible plot to find out who is manipulating them . 
1	the raw footage gives us an alternate insight to chaplin's classic film which started production years before adolph hitler was seen as a major threat in the western world . 
1	an absurd comedy about a parking enforcement officer , who - despite constant abuse from the public - finds truth , honour and serenity in the act of ticketing . 
1	exonerated of lying , king and cuthbertson are nevertheless reprimanded by the court for their behaviour , but receive an invitation to tea with the prime minister should they ever be in whitehall . 
1	she wants a new relationship with an old lover who wrote her a love note years ago . 
1	some guests join the family for a farewell-part for lena . 
1	with a stolen police cruiser ( the red one ) , the destructive being races towards a little and already doomed planet : earth . 
1	now they must run for their lives as the deluge strikes with full force at the heart of their private world . 
1	one night , a stranger leaves a savage death threat on sam's phone machine . 
1	chon lin follows rathbone to london to kill him , while sending chon a letter telling him of the murder . 
1	the maori take on shakespeare's 'pound of flesh' drama is a story of deep seated social and religious prejudice , that has its revenge in a money lending deal that is bonded in a pound of the christian merchant's flesh on forfeit . 
1	"underachieving misfits pete and lanny are wannabe "" gangsta rappers , "" who find the constraints of suburbia stifling to their artistic goals . "
1	the teddy bear syndrome a dramatization based on actual events . 
1	bereft at the loss of their parents and disillusioned with the law , the sisters turned professional assassins , killing criminals for other criminals . 
1	blau ( trevor griffiths ) needs a favor for old times' sake . 
1	inside the breathtaking structure , they discover wondrous artifacts of an advanced , but long dead , civilization . 
1	lati , however , wants to return to school and finish her studies . 
1	once they begin towing the ghost ship towards harbor , a series of bizarre ocurrences happen and the group becomes trapped inside the ship , which they soon learn is inhabited by a demonic creature . 
1	sent to a german stalag prison camp , lieutenant hart is at once thrust into the social order of pows , where every man thinks of himself first with bribery and trading with german captors commonplace . 
1	carol miller is a psychologist with a dark secret that prevents her making physical contact with other people . 
1	five young people apply to live in an isolated house together for six months whilst their every move is filmed by numerous cameras . 
1	"their life , though unusual , is satisfying until one day , a man named barry kolker ( that her mother refers to at first as "" the goat man "" ) comes into their lives , and ingrid falls madly in love with him , only to have her heart broken , and her life ruined . "
1	when the king meets the god in a face-to-face confrontation , the result takes on a horrible logic all its own . 
1	rachel is torn by her aversion to harper and her duty as an agent . 
1	it tells of his life as a bushranger in north-west victoria , where he lived all his life . 
1	lucy tries to forget about tracy , and continue her friendship with dante , leaving the affair behind , but to no avail when she discovers she is pregnant . 
1	another more vicous gang known as the vipers is a possible threat to leon and bobby's efforts . 
1	area k tells a story of arabs and jews who are struggling together to make a living from the sea in the midst of territorial bloodshed . 
1	disrespectful and selfish , sang-woo lashes out in anger , perceiving that he has been abandoned . 
1	struggling to fit in , jonathan decides to stop going to church only to be pursued by the members of the local singles ward who want to reactivate him . 
1	she's answering questions about how she became the speed queen , one of the sonic killers how mainlining speed with her husband , lamont , and her lover , natalie , grew into dealing , how dealing turned into robbery , and robbery into mass murder . 
1	"in 1975 , as the vietnam war was ending , thousands of orphans and amerasian children were brought to the united states as part of "" operation babylift . "" "
1	he lives in a motor garage with his six friends . 
1	events go from tragic to dangerous as racism , paranoia , and a secret mistress come into play . 
1	betting xxx can succeed where other conventional spies have failed , gibbons sends xxx to enter this world of crime undetected , using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude . 
1	the regulus submarines were the forerunners of these weapons , and proved the concept that stabilized the cold war . 
1	twenty years later , much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring . 
1	after all , she is the woman of his dreams . 
1	throughout this time , their lives have been entwined with the fate of aboriginal people during times of war , disease and controversial government removalist policies . 
1	after another drunken night they are soon parted from all their accumulated cash . 
1	besides the fact that he is still disliked by professor snape ( alan rickman ) and hated by draco malfoy ( tom felton ) , harry gets off to a great start with his two best friends , ron weasly ( rupert grint ) and hermione granger ( emma watson ) , and famous writer gilderoy lockhart ( kenneth branagh ) has joined the hogwarts staff and is the new defense against the dark arts teacher . 
1	after listening to a missionary from china speak , a christian man ( josh gaffga ) becomes very convinced by what he hears . 
0	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
0	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
0	a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
0	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
0	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
0	there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
0	nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
0	the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
0	es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprender . 
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
0	a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
0	"the best part about "" gangs "" was daniel day-lewis . "
0	rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
0	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
0	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
0	the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
0	kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
0	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
0	a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
0	a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
0	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
0	broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
0	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
0	it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
0	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
0	the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
0	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
0	"focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her "" madness "" so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . "
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
0	the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
0	there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
0	between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
0	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
0	this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
0	city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
0	there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
0	the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
0	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
0	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
0	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
0	it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
0	too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
0	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
0	typifies the pros and cons of the films that india churns out . 
0	"secretary "" is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . "
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
0	i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
0	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
0	the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
0	a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
0	[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
0	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
0	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
0	as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
0	it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
0	becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
0	offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
0	sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
0	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
0	that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
0	by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
0	somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
0	full of unforgiving irony and quiet realism , a song for martin stands as a powerful and moving achievement . 
0	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
0	even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
0	it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
0	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
0	the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
0	it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
0	isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
0	the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
0	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
0	a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
0	with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
0	a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
0	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
0	all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
0	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
0	if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
0	really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
0	the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
0	" "" 13 conversations about one thing "" is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . "
0	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves . 
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep . 
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it . 
0	light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time . 
0	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 
0	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 
0	holofcener sees all of her characters as loving and amazing and she spreads the love to each . 
0	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 
0	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 
0	the characters search for meaning in capricious , even dangerous sexual urges . the irony is that the only selfless expression of love may be the failure to consummate it . 
0	this is a heartfelt story . . . it just isn't a very involving one . 
0	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge . 
0	in his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls . 
0	 . . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 
0	nine queens is exactly the sort of film hollywood is always re-making and utterly ruining in the process . see it in this incarnation . 
0	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school . 
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year . 
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work . 
0	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 
0	an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great what you don't see' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
0	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret . 
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 
0	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear . 
0	witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 
0	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book . 
0	essentially , noyce just wants to tell a good story , which he does . 
0	an indelible and ultimately moving vision of humanity buffeted by the elements and by international political tides . 
0	collateral damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9/11 , an antique , in the end . as are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness . 
0	the smug , oily demeanor that donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named pipe dream is just repulsive . 
0	for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 
0	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful . 
0	 . . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age . 
0	martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more . 
0	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 
0	 . . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise . 
0	they're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 
0	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 
0	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 
0	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 
0	national lampoon's van wilder was better than we expected ; a 'not a total waste of money' kind of dateflick for those just hitting pre-collegiate years . 
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful . 
0	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original . 
0	a well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog . 
0	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic . 
0	comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief . 
0	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 
0	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate . 
0	" "" an entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . "" "
0	i'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 
0	amold&oacute ; var is a master of emotional texture , peeling away layer upon layer of the feelings . . . until he reaches benigno's troubled psyche and marco's benevolent soul . 
0	the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained . 
0	reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 
0	if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 
0	a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 
0	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen . 
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 
0	going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film . 
0	many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice . 
0	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding . 
0	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters . 
0	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 
0	a psychological thriller that doesn't really hold up if you think about it too much , but is nonetheless highly entertaining in a low-budget , david lynch-ian way . 
0	part of the long , noble tradition ( at least since the '90s ) of talky , ensemble-driven american indies . 
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love . 
0	 . . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable . 
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term . 
0	this idea has lost its originality . . . and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture . 
0	plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever . 
0	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny . 
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 
0	a romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe . 
0	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing . 
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one . 
0	this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 
0	riveting when it focuses on the challenges of crossing a generational divide . 
0	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 
0	it's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . you don't want to call the cops . you want to call domino's . 
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing . 
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 
0	genuine movie magic . . . it transports you to a place somewhere between eavesdropping voyeur and silent referee . 
0	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided . 
0	the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens . 
0	if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket . 
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 
0	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title . 
0	mehta expertly fashions a fascinating hybrid that is sure to delight audiences with its good-natured and well-timed humor , and its unabashed refusal to take itself seriously . 
0	swimming isn't a major film . nor does it try to be . but what , in the end , is a major film ? if it's one that accomplishes what it sets out to do , then we ought to correct ourselves . 
0	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there . 
0	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 
0	i basically went in expecting garbage , but color me surprised when it actually turned out to be quite funny ! 
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries . 
0	turning a great movie into a pretty good one is still a step in the wrong direction . . . and the ring will never be more than a pretty good movie . 
0	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary . 
0	the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . any rock pile will do for a set . reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 
0	an engaging documentary about people who live in unusual homes . 
0	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 
0	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 
0	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny . 
0	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 
0	as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 
0	hoffman spends a good deal of screen time alone and without much dialogue , using only his considerable physical skill and screen presence to pull off the role . 
0	bielinsky's script is slick and fiendishly clever , with seemingly a twist a minute . 
0	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 
0	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ? 
0	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like . 
0	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf . 
0	it's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable . 
0	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse . 
0	transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western . 
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon ! 
0	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little . 
0	a profoundly moving document . . . the filmmakers' refusal to downplay the situation's intractability makes the glimmer of hope the film offers that much more powerful . 
0	[city] reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of 'analyze this' ( 1999 ) and 'analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 
0	the longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it's actually pretty good in the first few minutes . 
0	elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . if you're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again . it's 51 times better than this . 
0	a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that's so prevalent on the rock . 
0	while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 
0	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often . 
0	without blowing the jokes we can say that , if you have found that your sense of humor fit well with christopher guest's screen outings , you'll find yourself in the flow with shearer as well . 
0	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style . 
0	this isn't a terrible film by any means , but it's also far from being a realized work . 
0	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
0	payami is to be applauded for taking biting potshots at such volatile issues as iran's outmoded electoral process and women's status as second-class citizens . 
0	a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film's ability to make its subject interesting to those who aren't part of its supposed target audience . judging by those standards , 'scratch' is a pretty decent little documentary . 
0	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield . 
0	with so many movies out there trying and failing to produce a single honest thrill , it's so nice to see one come along that's packed from start to finish with 'em . 
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 
0	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again . 
0	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle . 
0	feardotcom's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work . 
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered . 
0	it's such a mechanical endeavor [that] it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 
0	all the well-meaningness in the world can't erase the fact that the believer feels like a 12-step program for the jewish nazi . 
0	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script . 
0	with a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of los angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , the dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path . 
0	viewed on its own terms , treasure planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the stevenson's novel will likely prefer disney's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic . 
0	offers a fascinating look into the world of upper-echelon comics . 
0	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in . 
0	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn . 
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum . 
0	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 
0	vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them . 
0	[javier bardem is] one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director gerardo vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama . 
0	a haunting film about one of the great escapes of all time . 
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy . 
0	there's plenty of style in guillermo del toro's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply can't sustain more than 90 minutes . 
0	works as another uncompromisingly adult movie that assumes its audience is intelligent and doesn't have to cut narrative corners to make viewers feel safe . 
0	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad . 
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen . 
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love . 
0	it's a fun movie with lots of colorful characters , lots of bizarre plot meanderings and quite a few memorable lines and sequences . 
0	rock's got the kind of sly charm and non- self-conscious sincerity that could fit into any action hero archetype imaginable , even the old-school ones . 
0	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor . 
0	even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 
0	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 
0	it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 
0	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house . 
0	k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 
0	this is a film living far too much in its own head . 
0	it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you . . . 
0	short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 
0	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 
0	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 
0	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic . 
0	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 
0	 . . . a b-movie-and-proud-of-it thrill ride , probably the best of its kind since tremors . 
0	 . . . only bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction . 
0	a raw comedy that is intermittently hilarious as it attacks pretty much every taboo around . 
0	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 
0	a delicate balance of nostalgia and contemporary themes win out over scripting pregnant with cinematic schmaltz . 
0	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired . 
0	it gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff . 
0	take a friend ( invisible or real ) to see this one . . . it's laugh out loud funny
0	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special . 
0	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look . 
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 
0	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine . 
0	this isn't a good movie ; this isn't a bad movie . this is a movie that dispenses with the whole good/bad paradigm and exists on its own plane of reality . 
0	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 
0	almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai's villainous father to the endless action sequences . 
0	 . . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee . 
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary . 
0	responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade . 
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 
0	sunshine state is sayles at his most robert altman-ish , purposefully juggling about a dozen narrative balls in the air , and letting the mundanity and smallish drama of everyday life tell a larger story . 
0	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 
0	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end . 
0	ultimately , the message of trouble every day seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life's stasis . 
0	pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal . 
0	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 
0	a thinly veiled excuse for wilson to play his self-deprecating act against murphy's well-honed prima donna shtick . 
0	the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 
0	you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report . 
0	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 
0	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 
0	an engaging and specific portrait of a culture in transition , even as it evokes humanity's most universal and timeless values . 
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 
0	the soundtrack alone -- the literal pulse of the thing -- will rock you in your seat . 
0	while the film really doesn't have anything new to say , it's still thoughtful and well-crafted . 
0	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy . 
0	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click . 
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 
0	it tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world . 
0	a little objectivity could have gone a long way . 
0	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters . 
0	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up . 
0	 . . . too sappy for its own good . 
0	chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 
0	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept . 
0	this is a labor of love , and while it may not be slick , it is an endearing look at one man's selflessness and one team's determination . 
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 
0	 . . . works within its own pensive and penetrating element . caustic and jaunty , gangster no . 1 is a cynical sideshow that dismisses the notion that crime does not always pay . 
0	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 
0	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread . 
0	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles . 
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum . 
0	a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 
0	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat . 
0	 . . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 
0	feels a little too carefully crafted to be absolutely truthful , but nonetheless yields rich food for thought about the pains of the creative process and the insecurities of the artistic temperament . 
0	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 
0	it certainly won't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 
0	massoud's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history . 
0	an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 
0	guzman's powerful and sometimes triumphant documentary is not only an excellent overview of the affair , but serves as the perfect finale to the monumental trilogy about the coup and its aftermath . 
0	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 
0	a magnificent throwback to an almost vanished era of epic filmmaking by great filmmakers in thrall to their own passions , rather than to the studio bookkeepers . 
0	when mr . hundert tells us in his narration that 'this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement . 
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 
0	this cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends . 
0	while peterson and her ageless alter ego keep an ironic detachment from the melodramatics , there's no irony in the end-title dedication to price -- it obviously comes straight from the heart . 
0	all right , so it's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 
0	not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 
0	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns . 
0	morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he's taken one of the world's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 
0	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art . 
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family . 
0	a near perfect fusion of computer and cel animation . 
0	exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera . . . more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 
0	"tends to pile too many "" serious issues "" on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . "
0	de niro looks bored , murphy recycles murphy , and you mentally add showtime to the pile of hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal . 
0	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't . 
0	"featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great daniel auteuil , "" sade "" covers the same period as kaufmann's "" quills "" with more unsettlingly realistic results . "
0	its story is delicate and moving , and the film is a wholly commendable effort , if not quite as successful as majidi's previous works . 
0	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 
0	self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable . 
0	a surreal fairy tale that coils in on itself like a slow-motion whirlpool and achieves an atmosphere of sublime creepiness without ever precisely making sense . 
0	 uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado . 
0	fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots . 
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 
0	far from a bad film , and at least two of its central trio of performances provide moments of disarming grace , but don't be surprised if a whiff of self-congratulation emanates from the screen . 
0	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it . 
0	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean . 
0	should be seen and absorbed , if only to recall that hollywood horror does , occasionally , get it more or less right . 
0	like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 
0	"but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps "" being earnest "" overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . . "
0	a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 
0	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail . 
0	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story . 
0	the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly . 
0	an entertaining , surprisingly well-written and often rowdily amusing picture . 
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance . 
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 
0	this starts off with a 1950's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 
0	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 
0	raimi and his team couldn't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 
0	a compelling and thought-provoking drama on the armenian genocide after world war i and its toxic impact on the spirits and lives of some contemporary canadians . 
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 
0	a model of what films like this should be like . 
0	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it . 
0	this spawn of william shakespeare and ray kroc has more fun with [the] thin premise than you might expect , mostly because of maura tierney . 
0	brosnan's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 
0	 . . . the best movie featuring the next generation cast , and a movie that's ( almost ) every bit as great as [treks] ii and vi . 
0	the real draw , though , is the performance by dunst that is , alone , worth the price of admission . 
0	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding . 
0	if . . . you're the adventurous sort , check it out . 
0	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience . 
0	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 
0	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs . 
0	during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' . 
0	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 
0	this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 
0	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry ! 
0	hands down the year's most thought-provoking film . but it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship . 
0	it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde's classic satire . 
0	"almost as offensive as "" freddy got fingered . "" "
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams . 
0	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 
0	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful . 
0	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment . 
0	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 
0	tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme doesn't drag an audience down . 
0	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 
0	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic . 
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 
0	some may quibble that the 144-minute length accommodates at least one too many endings . but such quibbling will diminish in view of the film's overall impact . 
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works . 
0	a somewhat soapish but nonetheless beautifully acted excoriation of religious piousness and blind allegiance to faith as a socially constructed institution . 
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both . 
0	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage . 
0	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock . 
0	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 
0	this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 
0	in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners . 
0	originality ain't on the menu , but there's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 
0	this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it can't really be called animation . 
0	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 
0	never again doesn't quite rise above the conventions it attempts to deconstruct , but at its center are two gifted actors who are more than willing to take chances . 
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche . 
0	the result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached . 
0	a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 
0	like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 
0	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good . 
0	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 
0	the new guy does have a heart . now , if it only had a brain . 
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 
0	the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown . 
0	davis . . . is so enamored of her own creation that she can't see how insufferable the character is . 
0	hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue . 
0	the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 
0	wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 
0	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice . 
0	although dampened by intermittent preachiness and an unconvincingly pat and uplifting resolution . . . changing lanes nevertheless taps into emotions so convincing it elevates the movie above its own shortcomings . 
0	a film full of vivid characters , quiet beauty and gentle grace . 
0	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun . 
0	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws . 
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda . 
0	the movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as jules verne's '20 , 000 leagues under the sea' and the george pal version of h . g . wells' 'the time machine . ' but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 
0	nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 
0	ver wiel has concocted one of the most elaborately twisted , diverting caper films in years . 
0	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters . 
0	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 
0	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . . 
0	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected . 
0	femme fatale is not the director's best work ever , but it is as good as we've seen him be in much too long a time . 
0	oliveira trusts the intelligence of his audience . . . in the life of the city he suggests the ongoing life of humanity , the context in which individual mortality must be contemplated . 
0	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so ! 
0	goes on and on to the point of nausea . 
0	if ocean's eleven was a high-priced banquet of popular guys toasting one another's hard-earned coolness in a pointless caper , full frontal is the after-party . 
0	rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . last dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that's true . 
0	marker's incredible collection of newsreel footage -- tv footage from various countries , home movies and other celluloid wonders -- eventually shapes a scattered , pinwheel idea of the era's attitude . 
0	a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 
0	the project honors [dickens'] passionate voice , and the strong ensemble cast sees us through a few tonal shifts . 
0	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 
0	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 
0	medem packs it with so much stunning , wildly colorful imagery -- and so much sex -- that it transfixes you even when you're not quite sure what's going on . 
0	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go . 
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad . 
0	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story . 
0	a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 
0	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 
0	the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 
0	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 
0	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 
0	it's hard to fairly judge a film like ringu when you've seen the remake first . many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , [yet] are worthwhile . 
0	borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 
0	no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it . 
0	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter . 
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 
0	having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , khouri then gets terrific performances from them all . 
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie . 
0	fontaine indulges her signature style , creating a carefully measured film -- the kind whose impact slowly sneaks up on its audience and haunts them long after leaving the theatre . 
0	one can't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney's latest album . 
0	photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic . 
0	this is a rare twisted crowd-pleaser for longtime fans as well as novices -- or for those that don't know an arachnid from an insect . 
0	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 
0	a historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail . 
0	a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie . 
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 
0	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 
0	 . . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 
0	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism . 
0	<em>the crocodile hunter : collision course</em> is one of the most unusual movies i've ever seen , but it remains faithful to irwin's appeal , and therefore it works . 
0	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 
0	belleza , magia , poder , amor , misterio , y gran gran msica y visuales . . . qu ms se puede pedir ? . . . 
0	the longer version may be truer to tornatore's tripartite vision--and less simply cloying and calculated--but ultimately it's also less coherent and emotionally satisfying . 
0	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
0	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 
0	chicago glorifies murder , glamorizes sex & death -- in other words it is just right for today's unsunny times . 
0	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow . 
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 
0	late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 
0	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare . 
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself . 
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 
0	offers a pleasant , challenging and quirky puzzle well worth working out . 
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics . 
0	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 
0	only an epic documentary could get it all down , and spike lee's jim brown : all american at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents . 
0	set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york . 
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional . 
0	a composition of gestures stripped of romance and presented in their barest forms . 
0	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn . 
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb . 
0	the sound of ma's cello alone is reason not to miss naqoyqatsi . 
0	handled correctly , wilde's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked souffl . 
0	the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 
0	a zombie movie in every sense of the word--mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 
0	being a sayles film , this has a way of looking at things with more patience and maturity than a plot summary might lead us to expect . 
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 
0	sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman can't save it . 
0	read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 
0	the kind of history lesson that you wouldn't mind seeing again and again , no matter the format . 
0	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability . 
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action . 
0	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 
0	turns out to be a nifty swashbuckler whose plot easily could have been lifted from a number of douglas fairbanks silent pictures . 
0	we become complicit in our own seduction : we willingly let bielinsky manipulate us . 
0	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more . 
0	his comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level . 
0	so unassuming and pure of heart , you can't help but warmly extend your arms and yell 'safe ! '
0	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . . 
0	some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic . 
0	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times . 
0	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based . 
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 
0	" "" frida "" is a good film that has some brilliant moments of artistry throughout . "
0	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 
0	like other almodvar films , it delights in its scandals . but its sensitivities are extravagant , which means it's one of the most beautiful black comedies ever made . 
0	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors . 
0	[dong] makes a valiant effort to understand everyone's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 
0	manages in two minutes what malcolm lee's cousin spike's bamboozled couldn't in over two hours . 
0	triple x is a double agent , and he's one bad dude . when you've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it . 
0	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall . 
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 
0	is office work really as alienating as 'bartleby' so effectively makes it ? 
0	the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 
0	what separates miyazaki's animation from everyone else's is the way he imagines his worlds . 
0	 . . . either you're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you're not . 
0	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind . 
0	director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 
0	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 
0	'[the cockettes] provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
0	a dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . there isn't a weak or careless performance amongst them . 
0	it might be 'easier' to watch on video at home , but that shouldn't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 
0	it takes us finally to the comedy clubs that for so many years we saw only at the beginning and end of seinfeld . 
0	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better . 
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see . 
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray . 
0	if you like your comedy dark and slightly freaky , then steve shainberg's film deserves your attention . 
0	while sunshine state lacks the searing urgency of city of hope or the gentle dnouement of lone star , fans of the auteur should enjoy this classic john sayles feature . 
0	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience . 
0	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad . 
0	"as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel "" the death of napoleon "" and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn"
0	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role . 
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question . 
0	a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 
0	the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 
0	anyone who professes to love movies should see alexander sokurov's russian ark . 
0	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 
0	uneven but ultimately appealing satire of the dreck we call white man's rap music . some good performances and an often goofy script make for a generally good time . 
0	as blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , el bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance . 
0	it has the charm of the original american road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker's motherland . 
0	an unusual and compelling chinese film about the loving interventions of a father and mother whose oldest son is a drug addict . 
0	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum . 
0	has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 
0	it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 
0	the story really has no place to go since simone is not realshe can't provide any conflict . 
0	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 
0	the perfect vehicle for berling and bouquet , and both are superb . 
0	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day . 
0	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions . 
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible . 
0	robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows . 
0	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 
0	it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it . 
0	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 
0	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter . 
0	though talk in the film often turns to death , khatra's enthusiasm and love of life keep the movie surprisingly upbeat . 
0	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games . 
0	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing . 
0	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything . 
0	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly . 
0	"the material couldn't possibly be more engaging , the implications of a "" by marlowe "" verdict positively earth-shattering . "
0	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie . 
0	not for all tastes . but i , for one , was hooked by this fish's tale . 
0	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 
0	in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that isn't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors . 
0	not a bad way to spend a couple of hours . 
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie . 
0	dense and enigmatic . . . elusive . . . stagy and stilted
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 
0	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas . 
0	 . . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor . 
0	it's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown chelsea hotel . . . 
0	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept . 
0	it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible . 
0	on a purely pictorial level , this is one of the best-looking imax movies ever . 
0	third time's the charm . . . yeah , baby ! 
0	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad . 
0	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle . 
0	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either . 
0	like mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for lil bow wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well . 
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 
0	for the most part , the ingredients are there . but an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents nettelbeck's film from coming together . 
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales . 
0	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 
0	time out plays out slowly , but vincent's disconnectedness creates odd suspense and black humor . 
0	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey . 
0	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered . 
0	well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons . 
0	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers . 
0	ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel . 
0	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half . 
0	an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 
0	while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo . . . broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 
0	broomfield seems to uncover a massive scoop here , revealing the multitude of people involved and the possible motivations behind the killings of his titular subjects . 
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation . 
0	a grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama . 
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch . 
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style . 
0	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase . 
0	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them . 
0	credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 
0	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull . 
0	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay . 
0	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 
0	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 
0	sort of an existential version of a seinfeld episode . 
0	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career . 
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 
0	twohy is not only skilled at building and maintaining suspense , he's also aware that a cast chock full of experienced character actors is the right fit for a haunted sub flick . 
0	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously . 
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review . 
0	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van . 
0	frustratingly , dridi tells us nothing about el gallo other than what emerges through his music . 
0	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel . 
0	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion . 
0	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars . 
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' . 
0	you'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . you'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus . 
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression . 
0	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 
0	boasting the best sword-fighting sequences to hit the screen in many years , it is so enjoyably old-fashioned it even looks as if it were made in the '70s . 
0	almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability . 
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 
0	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 
0	isn't as sharp as the original . . . despite some visual virtues , 'blade ii' just doesn't cut it . 
0	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences . 
0	a self-narrated , blatantly lop-sided , cocky , nonchalant , fascinating and juicily entertaining documentary . 
0	like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season . 
0	outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent . 
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 
0	there's enough here to keep the sequel rocking , providing you can leave the adult in you at the door . 
0	it briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - audience sadism -- is evaded completely . 
0	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 
0	 ( wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind . 
0	a film at once depressing and uplifting--depressing in terms of the sad , often horrifying subjects of nachtwey's photographs but uplifting in terms of his commitment and integrity . 
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 
0	it's up to [watts] to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 
0	just like his characters , writer-director alfonso cuar&oacute ; n . . . takes the road less traveled . 
0	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies . 
0	 . . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story . 
0	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next . 
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 
0	a lyrical if sluggish excursion set in war-torn iranian kurdistan . 
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 
0	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 
0	well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) . 
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence . 
0	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get . 
0	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s . 
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison . 
0	what blood work lacks in speed and surprise it almost makes up for in doughty professionalism . 
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere . 
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted . 
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 
0	 . . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then . 
0	it's gruesome violence combined with tongue-in-cheek humor . . . fans of this genre will flock to fulltime killer , and they'll be blown away . 
0	sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean 'dramedy' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 
0	the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who can't get out of his own way . 
0	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both . 
0	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier . 
0	director barry sonnenfeld and company retain much of the rubbery alien slapstick humor . 
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 
0	'the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel . 
0	an interesting psychological thriller that , more often than not , actually works . 
0	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way . 
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters . 
0	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 
0	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all . 
0	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline . 
0	to say analyze that is de niro's best film since meet the parents sums up the sad state of his recent career . 
0	talk to her is excellent movie-making and much of it is wondrous , but my conscience won't allow me to be devoted to unconditionally singing its praises . 
0	at once somber and mysterious , comical and sad . it shows just how lonely a crowded city can be . 
0	one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 
0	"let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly "" inspired "" was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen . "
0	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 
0	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 
0	while the costumes hint at changes beneath the surface , it is abbass' performance , as she vacillates flawlessly between muted hausfrau and shining hoofer , that reveals the depths of her transformation . 
0	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 
0	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 
0	inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 
0	compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 
0	slight , but colorful and forward-moving . . . wasabi has the cheeky verve and heart of a shaggy dog movie that is aiming to please its owner , nothing more , nothing less . 
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper . 
0	oops , she's really done it this time . that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively . 
0	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . . 
0	it's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 
0	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion . 
0	ararat is among the director's best work , a rendering of the past that offers hope for the future . 
0	a terrifically deft picture about the thick line that separates movie glamour from the real world , and the thin line between common sense and paranoia . 
0	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 
0	for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 
0	once the viewer accepts the huge leaps of faith required in the film's premise , it's a lot of fun to strap oneself in and enjoy this goofy ride . 
0	texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 
0	a classic romance always involves a certain formula : boy meets girl , boy loses girl , boy gets girl . beijing bicycle is a romance , except the love interest is a bicycle and not a girl . 
0	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 
0	a chick flick of the first order , disguised by just enough historical detail to elevate the proceedings somewhat . 
0	a film that perfectly distills the relationship between pop music and teens searching for identity . 
0	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking . 
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want . 
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 
0	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 
0	granted , much of the marlovian argument is patently ridiculous ( was ben johnson really part of a massive cover-up ? ) but it's good fun . 
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 
0	strong stuff , minus the upbeat sentimentality of last year's oscar-winner . in that respect , it may be an even more important film . 
0	eul-boon kim's soulful portrayal of the illiterate , deaf-mute grandmother illuminates the dignity of her demeanor and the sad resignation in her eyes . 
0	in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie . 
0	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 
0	one of the most successful , provocative and intensely contemporary of israeli films , so much so that to watch it is to feel the country having a passionate argument with itself . 
0	it downplays the initial assault , referring to it only in fragmented flashbacks , while offering a cogent critique of ongoing attitudes about rape and its victims , particularly in japan . 
0	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie . 
0	it is fascinating to see how much work and preparation goes into stand-up comedy . 
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid . 
0	has just enough charm ( not to mention a sense of its own ridiculousness ) to stay afloat . 
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 
0	"the draw [for "" big bad love "" ] is a solid performance by arliss howard . "
0	a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film . . . 
0	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 
0	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental . 
0	every so often a movie comes along that confirms one's worse fears about civilization as we know it . the new guy is one of them . 
0	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before . 
0	it does what good films do best ; that is to provoke us , push our buttons , make us think and maybe even entertain us in the process . 
0	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness . 
0	there's something about a marching band that gets me where i live . 
0	the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 
0	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 
0	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 
0	ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 
0	the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit . 
0	god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 
0	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero . 
0	the film creates an effective sense of time and place , though sheridan is not above hitting us over the head with obvious stylistic contrivances . 
0	the movie's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension . 
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical . 
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek . 
0	ratliff deserves high marks for his restraint and willingness not to try and shape or mold our opinion regarding what is being shown . 
0	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 
0	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film . 
0	if the film had been in less-capable hands , the subject matter could have easily lent itself to eye-rolling ridicule , but huppert and haneke manage to keep the credibility intact , at least up to a point . 
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 
0	no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 
0	even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness . 
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . . 
0	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 
0	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect . 
0	the fact that the rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays . 
0	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits . 
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 
0	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video . 
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 
0	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't . 
0	pretend it's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . it's fun , but it's a real howler . 
0	uno de los policiales ms interesantes de los ltimos tiempos . 
0	 . . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking . 
0	 . . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs . 
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is . 
0	screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 
0	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	cho , who's first concert film was more like a group therapy session than comedy , lightens up considerably for her second
0	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 
0	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with . 
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 
0	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 
0	a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary . 
0	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery . 
0	never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 
0	painfully bleak and disheartening . . . brilliantly made and uncompromising
0	if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 
0	involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd . 
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television . 
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of prejudice . 
0	filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . so , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today's new delhi . 
0	a succinct , intelligent and scintillating slice of cultural history . 
0	as an exercise in stripped-down filmmaking , interview is grimly effective . 
0	montias . . . pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters . 
0	this has to be one of the most bizarre love stories ever to be filmed , not since nine  weeks has anybody done this much pampering for his 'girlfriend' . 
0	it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past . 
0	don't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you don't have kids borrow some . 
0	it's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you're more than six years old . 
0	10 minutes into the film you'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 
0	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 
0	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did . 
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances . 
0	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb . 
0	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 
0	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 
0	it takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of robert forster , anne meara , eugene levy , and reginald veljohnson all in the same movie . 
0	trust and deceit , generosity and meanness are fleshed out by a deft cast . 
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture . 
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
0	"despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at "" the real americans "" make this a charmer . "
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty . 
0	you would be better off investing in the worthy emi recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 malfitano-domingo production . 
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club . 
0	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style . 
0	because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 
0	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material . 
0	the result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone . 
0	those who savor well-drawn characters and exotic locales will find the touch of the mystic masseur to be most pleasurable indeed . 
0	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 
0	 . . . skirts the edges of snide condescension only to then abruptly catch the viewer off-guard with lightning strikes of genuine emotion . 
0	"while "" real women have curves "" suffers from an obvious and simplistic screenplay , it's a bright looking , well-acted charmer . "
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 
0	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 
0	" . . . with "" the bourne identity "" we return to the more traditional action genre . "
0	an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 
0	a little judicious editing would have helped a lot , but the talented cast matches the film's ambitions and compensates for its modest budget . 
0	 . . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it . 
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
0	it's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 
0	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 
0	its valuable message makes it a must-see for children and teenagers , and even more so for those callous adults who have become casually corrupt in their efforts to simply get through life . 
0	 . . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 
0	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential . 
0	a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 
0	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary . 
0	despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 
0	a guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it . 
0	a sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life . 
0	a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 
0	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 
0	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips . 
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film . 
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 
0	a very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction . 
0	canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 
0	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 
0	it may not be the most immediate or attention-grabbing work , but there's certainly something satisfying in its thoughtfulness . 
0	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 
0	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through . 
0	in the end , egoyan's enormous talent and mychael danna's intense score keep ararat interesting and emotional . 
0	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about . 
0	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 
0	this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video --with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment . 
0	it is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of leon's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction . 
0	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic . 
0	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 
0	the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 
0	"first and foremost . . . the reason to go see "" blue crush "" is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . "
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece . 
0	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one . 
0	even tere's final schizoid moment can't dilute the hopefulness of guillen's bittersweet saga . 
0	harmon opts to show less and suggest more , and the script's gloomy downer of an ending is audacious . 
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 
0	alternative medicine obviously has its merits . . . but ayurveda does the field no favors . 
0	[a] superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of graham greene's 1955 novel . 
0	usually when i get this much syrup , i like pancakes to go with it . 
0	the people may be drawn comically , but the animals are rendered with skill and grace and the action scenes achieve true excitement . 
0	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 
0	a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them . 
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily . 
0	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy . 
0	the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
0	adaptation is probably the ultimate writers' film , but it's also a brash , daring , and dynamic film -- as delicate as an orchid but as durable and malleable as the species . 
0	the movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that's all too rare in hollywood's hastier productions . 
0	a crackerjack genre piece ; what panic room aims for it accomplishes with deadly precision and edge-of-your-seat mastery . 
0	on the surface , the film is played straight , with sustained tension and effective frights . but the director has done his research , and fills every scene with a subversive humor that's 100% pure imitation hitchcock . 
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed . 
0	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 
0	though not as tightly focused or as well-performed as malkovich , human nature has its own absurdist flair . 
0	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures . 
0	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 
0	nakata's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 
0	there's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms isn't it . 
0	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise . 
0	the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul's perspective . 
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 
0	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 
0	 . it's a brilliant revision of the book and it offers a motivation for the invention that's lacking in the first film version . 
0	plays like a toddler running along a lumpy field , stumbling every few feet but always getting back up and eventually reaching his destination , unharmed and happy . 
0	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose . 
0	nice balance between real emotions and cute movie moments with a hilarious love scene . 
0	one thing has been made very clear -- being john malkovich wasn't a fluke . 
0	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well . 
0	funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 
0	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 
0	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 
0	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 
0	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 
0	 . . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 
0	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil . 
0	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue . 
0	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible . 
0	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable . 
0	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
0	morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 
0	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 
0	if it takes too many familiar steps , it is still never less than compelling as it walks the well-trod line . 
0	newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman . 
0	perhaps the most remarkable aspect of murderous maids is how restrained and sensitive french director jean-pierre denis keeps his film . 
0	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 
0	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads . 
0	it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 
0	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 
0	will you go ape over this movie ? well , it probably won't have you swinging from the trees hooting it's praises , but it's definitely worth taking a look . 
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music . 
0	it's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man clich atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of [woo's] best work . 
0	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 
0	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever . 
0	"good for a few unintentional laughs , "" extreme ops "" was obviously made for the "" xxx "" crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction . "
0	koepp's screenplay isn't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 
0	an exciting debut from promising , and fairly disturbed , young director/screenwriter dylan kidd . 
0	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against . 
0	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving . 
0	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick . 
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 
0	what makes blade 2 marginally better than blade , especially if you thought the first was a hollow spectacle ? it has a plot . 
0	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version . 
0	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 
0	that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 
0	woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 
0	by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 
0	for every inspired bit of absurdity , there's a lame piece of improvisational noodling . 
0	the director , steven shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun . 
0	the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome . 
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster . 
0	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships . 
0	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 
0	while the script starts promisingly , it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target . 
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos . 
0	"acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes "" never again "" worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice"
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design . 
0	whaley's performance is earnest and often riveting , but he should have taken a few lessons from his peers at amateur night . 
0	very annie-mary is familiar but winningly funny and good-hearted . 
0	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent . 
0	the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 
0	"the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if "" gory mayhem "" is your idea of a good time . "
0	anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 
0	lovers of the original the silence of the lambs will be ecstatic to see that cinematic lightning can strike twice . 
0	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 
0	it's all a rather shapeless good time . . . 
0	it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 
0	despite a well-placed sense of historical outrage , fence isn't one-sided . 
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time . 
0	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos . 
0	 . . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 
0	[hayek] throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 
0	"the unexplored story opportunities of "" punch-drunk love "" may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . "
0	daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 
0	a picture as charmingly insubstantial as the world it invokes . 
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 
0	a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world . 
0	august -- a pupil of ingmar bergman's -- manages to tell a tragic tale while avoiding the heavy-laden angst of a bergman film . 
0	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs . 
0	rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 
0	what's next ? the porky's revenge : ultimate edition ? 
